new 2023 game which is a sequel to Breath of Wild from 2017. This basically is a very similar open world game except now you have like a whole bunch of vertical stuff and the sky stuff that you can do so it's going to be a lot of fun to explore and we're going to get down to it now. Atlas is going to be playing through the prologue and then we'll probably do some rock paper scissors to see who's going to play the next section but it should be a lot of fun on our first playthrough. Here we go. Wow.






 Okay. Overwrite all of the same.






 That's loud. That's a wee bit loud.






 Yeah, the whole rest of our family is currently sleeping and we're just up being nerds and going to play through the entirety of Zelda. We'll try. This is a dramatic intro. Tears of the kingdom.






 So very dramatic. My boy, Link.






 The real MVP. This strange blue keeps getting thicker. Yeah.






 Okay, but Zelda with short hair is so cute. He's so cute.






 We've been descending for a while now. These tunnels are deeper than I thought.






 What could be down here?






 You're set up here. To title. That's the end of the game, guys.






 Look at all those hearts. 30 hearts you ever started a Zelda game with 30 hearts before.






 No, that's how you know we're about to die. After the boss battle in the last game, I'm pretty sure. If it's coming up from beneath Hyrule Castle. Hyrule Castle.






 We do not know what reads below, so we need to be ready for anything. It has.






 But I know I'm okay with you. The only thing that freaks me out is some angles. Like, their face just goes flat.






 Like, this angle, Hersha has a very flat looking face.






 I'm bullying a princess.






 Don't bully the princess. I bully the princess all day, every day.






 Just in case you forgive her name, it pops up. Yeah, oh Zelda, my last name is okay.






 I never imagined this was all deep beneath Hyrule Castle.






 That's the voice you give her. Oh, I'm sorry. What's that supposed to do? Are you supposed to be like a princess voice? She's a princess. Okay, talk to her again.






 Oh wait, I ran past her. Here we go. When I was a child, I asked my father if there was anything below the castle.






 He told me there was. Though seeing it for ourselves, or even discussing the matter, was forbidden.






 Oh, forbidden.






 Like our love. No one in our family knew anything more than that.






 Okay, no more talking to Zelda, let's. Down to business. Let's get down to business to defeat the Hun. Think.






 Oh my.






 Strain what they chose to voice act. And then what they chose not to. Like.






 I mean, I'm, with modern storage sizes, you can have voice acted every single word.






 It must be sensing something. It glows? I didn't know it glows. Yeah, man. Look at that. I knew we had a reason for concern.






 Ever since the end of Calamity, the castle has fallen into neglect. Oh yeah, Calamity again. And I love that man. But I never could have imagined anything like these tunnels were hiding here.






 We must be careful as we move deeper.






 So technically, this could qualify as catacombs. If you think about it, it's underneath a castle. Sure.






 I'm going to say we're in the catacombs of Hyrule. I want to see, I want to see skeletons pop out of the walls. I know this isn't catacombs. It's like ruins. They're going out of swing your sword. I think that's a sign.






 Come here.






 Is it going to be the ancient garden guardian things?






 Link, look here.






 You know, oh my gosh. A stone. You're such a genius. These are ruins from an ancient civilization.






 What?






 Wait, something is written here.






 Might these be from the zonai? Zonai? Zonai? There you go.






 Whoa.






 That's a little concerning. I understand those are the new ancient culture from which you find all kind of cool devices that you can play with in this game. Oh. Oh.






 They replaced the big ancient guardian guys? I don't know. Maybe, I think. I'm not sure.






 The ancient guardians in the last game were honestly nothing. Like, last game was pretty easy. Breath of the Wild. Yeah. I like Breath of the Wild. It was a cute game. Well, not cute. It was not cute. You're literally, it's okay. I'm sure they were zonai in origin. I've seen designs like this in my studies.






 [Zonai music] The zonai are said to have lived long ago in the time of earliest legend.






 They possess godlike powers and had a prosperous civilization in the sky.






 Many history books tell us about the zonai, but none give us the full picture. Much is still unknown about them.






 You took like 20 pictures of this one rock.






 [Zonai laughs] Oh.






 Not what I meant to do.






 Oh yeah, I got a picture of this.






 Is she actually, is she, she's taking pictures of me climbing. She is. She's uh...






 Oh, she waited till after I finished climbing it. She's like a, like a selfie uh...






 She looks like Mackenzie. Wait, look at her. She actually looks like Mackenzie. She does. She does sort of look Mackenzie.






 Mackenzie is another one of our sibling family members.






 Is this what the zonai look like? They seem so different than us and such large ears. Okay, listen, I also have big ears. I don't want to hear it. Big ears do run in the family.






 How did the ruins from the civilization in the sky end up here beneath the castle? For being a princess, you're kind of rude. Bats! Easy. Easy.






 They were bats.






 Man has like 30 plus hearts and you're like three bats. Oh no. The written histories of the royal family include stories of a great war fought long ago. Make sure you hydrate. It was a conflict between allied tribes and someone only ever referred to as a demon king. Yeah, I was once an energy. Is it possible? Do these murals depict the same legend? I also have water.






 My dogs were out right there.






 This is similar to the statues we saw earlier. A zonai and these figures look like Hylians.






 Figures. Now, would you pronounce that Hylians? This depiction certainly suggests that the zonai descended from the heavens. I mean, I know it's Hyrule, but if you did, uh. Helians. Helians.






 Hylians.






 Hylians.






 It is said that my ancestors, the first of Hyrule's royal family, were born from a union with gods who were descended from the heavens.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] These murals tell a similar story. And if they are accurate, then the gods mentioned were the zonai.






 They must have forged a relationship with the Hylians of that time. Working together to establish the Hylians of that time.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] The kingdom of Hyrule.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] This figure. He seems to be stealing something of incredible power from the young kingdom. [MUSIC PLAYING]






 This all aligns with what I've read during my studies.






 And then this. It shows the demon king and a fierce battle against him. [MUSIC PLAYING]






 If the creature depicted here really does represent the demon king, then--






 [MUSIC PLAYING] Oh my god, I thought those.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] Incredible. [MUSIC PLAYING] Is this-- This mural must be the great war recorded in the royal histories.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] This is the imprisoning war and the events that led up to it. [MUSIC PLAYING] This is a huge discovery.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] Was this like cave paintings for them? [MUSIC PLAYING] Well, it's-- [MUSIC PLAYING] All right then. Now to use this invention of Puras. [MUSIC PLAYING] I'm glad I didn't leave it behind. Why is it that this sheer slate so much nicer than ours was? What the hell, Zelda?






 You pointed a cake. You pointed a cake. It looks like a-- I'd fuck with the rest of the murals of the skyward. Let's switch to the campfire in the back with an eyeball.






 That would be a cool 3D printed case.






 That would be a cool case, mate. Just what is this place? We've got to get some stills on my way. For real? That would be a really cool case. That would be a really cool case. That's keeping too deep. That would be a cool case. We're making that. Check it out on our DIY Dive YouTube channel, Project 2 Come. I just leave Zelda behind because she takes too long. She'll catch up whenever you get to a cutscene anyway. Yeah. Yummy red smoke.






 Oh, I keep-- I get too close to the walls. Go into the depths of hell. Oh, look. She's actually right beside me. I know. I'll catch up.






 What is this place? That's continuing, but we must be extremely careful.






 OK. I love the armor. [GASP] Ganon.






 I think.






 No, I think that's even more ancient. No, that's-- yeah.






 Ew.






 Oh, the controller vibrated. [GASP] It's his heart.






 Ew.






 Oh, hell no.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] Yes.






 [GASP] No! All my 30 hearts!






 Ew. Oh, look. Now it's his other game. We've got three hearts.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] [GASP] [MUSIC PLAYING]






 Oh, you've done pissed it off. What's that? The sword that shields the darkness.






 The blade that shatters so easily against my power. Cannot see me from here. Zelda. Ganon's ancestor at least. You who carries that fragile sword are linked.






 Rauru placed his faith in you. Rauru? And that was all you could do. I'll go to you. No more names.






 [MUSIC PLAYING]






 The control is shaking so much. God, you're mad, sir. [MUSIC PLAYING]






 Gotta place how weak he is. [MUSIC PLAYING] Whatever.






 [INAUDIBLE] [MUSIC PLAYING] Is he dead?






 [MUSIC PLAYING] You do all that, you do all that. [MUSIC PLAYING] Yeah, Rauru's trapped with the arm that's completely corroded. [MUSIC PLAYING] [GASP] [MUSIC PLAYING] I don't know if it's corroded.






 It's decaying.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC PLAYING] [INAUDIBLE] [MUSIC PLAYING] Yeah, let's just totally accept that this floating arm would save me.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC PLAYING]






 [INAUDIBLE] [MUSIC PLAYING]






 Well, look at Hyrule's back in Shambles.






 Pretty. That's true. He looked more rugged, more like--






 He's been replenished. He does-- his face became like rounder. I see what you mean. That hand does not match his body. Finally awake.






 He can talk to the ghosts.






 Oh, his whole tattoo blows. That's cool. You see that? I've heard a great deal about you from Zelda. It's like RGB LEDs in a computer, but it's on his body. Yeah.






 Your wounds will speak. I love his hair. I am relieved to see you escape death. How many hearts we have now? Probably just three. Three.






 Your eyes are-- OK, how long has he been wearing these boxers? Those are the same boxers from the other game. He just has like 20 pairs of the same boxers. I hope so. Otherwise--






 They don't need starch. Oh, no. That's not good. The master sword.






 Now it's a dagger. Now what I'm told is you don't want to use the master sword as your weapon unless you actually have to. Because from what I'm told, no spoilers. It is possible to break it beyond use. Really? Yeah, so you're supposed to find other sticks and things. The cave master sword. And I also heard that they're stronger anyway. Well, because this one's only one hit point. So there's some sticks laying around that you can find that you should probably use. OK. I mean, use that to cut the vines.






 Kind of want to put it in different ways. But don't excessively use it. Gotcha. I'm going to look around here first.






 Never mind. It's all-- just never mind. OK, I can't-- there's nothing to do. I'm going to look around.






 No, I don't want to jump. I want. Thank you.






 [GRUNTING] What?






 [GRUNTING]






 I heard there's lots of aerial stuff jumping and diving.






 Oh, my faith. Is that a save point? I guess that's like a checkpoint marker or something.






 We'll find out. The hand on that sigil will just see the crepe. I can activate it. It's going to go and make-- No, it's going to be the save point. It turns on stuff in the room.






 That makes sense.






 Oh, no. The far door will open.






 Stop these holes.






 I see you over there.






 I like the sigil. That's cool. It just looked like a spot on the ground, but the idea is cool. Oh, are we back in the pool we woke up with this? Oh, no, it's a different place. No.






 I think it's the same freaking cool familiar game.






 No, it's different. Well, you know what I mean. But it's not so long when we're using our S's to develop it. That's true. This one's just a different game. That's true. This one's just more like the crepe-- what? Oh.






 The same. Added more story line and stuff. Oh.






 Oh. Landing from the Great Heights and Waterworks. We're going to keep taking photos.






 Whoa. Zany. And look at that. A trigger box.






 You know what's in it? Not my will to live. [LAUGHTER] Leg wear. I have plate boxes for him. Hey, you can open your inventory and, like, clean some pants. He's not in his-- he still has the trusty boxes underneath. That's OK. It's still hanging. Link's in a skirt. Ayo. Damien would've heard that. Oh my god. Me and Damien as Link are-- is absolute bulls.






 It's not much defense, but I think it's better naked. Damien could be Toon Link and I'll be Tears of Kingdom Link. It would be so perfect. Did he be, like, the mini me? Because he's already the mini me. Huh? I don't think there's anything else in there for now. Mm-hmm. Gotcha. There's two viewers. Here we go. I'm scared. Jump. I'm a sore like a bird, baby.






 I'm like a bird. I'll be fly away. It's like four? We're off to, yeah. I'm free.






 Oh.






 Let's get the old return. [MUSIC PLAYING] This is a quiet, like, quiet school. There is a lot of more inside the sky. It's cool.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] [INAUDIBLE] And vertical.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] I'll go through the Zelda wall. [INAUDIBLE] They stole-- they stole the-- they stole-- what is it? The sky block-- sky block from Minecraft.






 Zelda meets Scott. [INAUDIBLE] [MUSIC PLAYING]






 Ooh. The tile, everybody.






 [INAUDIBLE] [MUSIC PLAYING] [INAUDIBLE] [MUSIC PLAYING] [SPLASHING] [GRUNTS] [MUSIC PLAYING] Can I stand on the lady clouds?






 Oh, you can't. They don't even see. That's cool.






 [INAUDIBLE]






 Oh, yeah. OK.






 We are officially all so here we go. We'll be right back now doing our first playthrough of the Legend of Zelda, Tears of the Kingdom Guide.






 Sorry. Legend of Zelda, Tears of the Kingdom.






 And hopefully you'll enjoy this playthrough. We have just gotten out of the thing where you do the jump and you fall down and you change to the Great Sky Island. And now we're going to explore that. Our goals are to do all the main quest stuff. I hear it's about an average of 50 hours worth of gameplay. 50 hours for the main quest. But we'll see how quickly we can do it. We are currently on part two, which is the beginning of the Great Sky Island. And we'll see how long it takes us to get through this part. From what I understand, we're going to go try to find Zelda






 and do some other little things. And then I think we'll be wrapping this up. So here we go. Let's roll.






 [SINGING] OK. Today you've got Ro. That's me and Atlas here.






 She's currently driving. You're still going to drive for this section? Yeah. And then whenever she gets tired, I'm going to take over. We're going to do a tag-tame thing. I found a stick. Found a stick already? There you go.






 Wow. Look at the two instead of a one. Gotta love those twos. Quit that stick and have that. And any time you find those, pick them up. And those mushrooms too.






 Sky Shroom.






 We'll help you replace Heartstock. What's the can?






 Let's stick my head in there. Check around these guys for branchy. Oh, branchy branch.






 Can I wrap too many branches?






 Well, technically you can. Because your inventory can get full. Well, yeah, but I don't understand the break after a couple of years. Apparently, the kill is watching us. Can you harvest those and the blue things? Oh, I'm being attacked.






 Come here, boy.






 Ah. Three branches already gone. Oh, god. That's why you need so many.






 That makes more sense. Come here. There's both here. Well, because I think he had a few branches. Oh, I-- When he was attacking us. Soldier.






 Zonai charge. Zonai zonai? They pick those flowers? They look colorful. No, this isn't genshin. Oh, hey, what kind of stuff? Oh, there's apples. Pick up all the apples.






 Oh, we could make baked apples.






 I can climb the tree, but it won't-- Oh, there we go.






 It's being done. [GASPS] OK. And more shroom shrooms.






 [BEEPING]






 And a broken portal.






 [BEEPING] Oh, hello.






 Oh?






 He's just a guy. I think this is--






 Oh, whoa. I like the enemies that I think you have.






 He's nice.






 It's like the nice version of this. He's cool looking.






 Link, I have waited for you. Oh, I know. That's what we are. Princess Zelda left something for you in my care.






 [BEEPING] Ooh. Oh, her magic Shurik slate. It's the magic-- that's the case we're going to make for our switch. The Purapad?






 Purapad. Now we know what it's called. Purapad. Purapad. I'm told it is an invaluable tool that will provide you with direction. It's like the Shurik slate from the last game. It's going to give us the map. That's what it's called. On the map. On the map. And let us take photos. On the map. On the map. It looks conspicuously like a Nintendo Switch. Hmm.






 You know, interesting. Cool thing would be the 3D printer case. [BEEPING] Dominos and lenses. True. Like so, it's like-- Purapad. A part on the ends, part on the back, and then a wrapper for the Joy-Cons. [BEEPING]






 Hey, look at there. Toby is on now. Oh my god, Toby. Welcome, Toby. Hi, Toby. Thanks for following us. I received it from Princess Zelda. I have now passed it on to you.






 My records indicate that Princess Zelda is waiting on the location mark. Hey. On its map. That's even. My message has been delivered. Are you going to self-destruct?






 [BEEPING] We stand in the Garden of Time. [BEEPING] Oh, OK.






 [BEEPING] The Temple of Time is invisible from here. [CLICKING] It was used in the distant past. My rites and ceremonies of the kingdom were held there. [BEEPING] Oh, Minnie. That didn't say mine. But no more. Now it is a lonely place no one visits. Oh, that's sad. He looks kind of like a giraffe mixed with a frog.






 [BEEPING] You know what I'm saying? I hear you. [BEEPING] Um, the map. I see you chatting found sushi.






 I'm currently trying to figure out how I can chat back. But it won't let me do it without logging in, which is weird because I'm logging in. Let's see. Oh, here we go. [LAUGHING] [BEEPING] Ooh.






 Why does it make me think of a block of cheese? I don't-- Mine's red better. [LAUGHING] We just grated a bunch of cheese and tacos tonight. That's true.






 Hey, man, what can I say?






 At least I'm not hungry. My god, I'm not going to get more sticks. Hey, man, the taco's not sticks. Ooh. Oh, it's an actually little guy. It's an I-Charge. I found sushi. Welcome to 8-Bit Rage, the place where we play all sorts of video games, retro and new. I wish I knew my friend's user names so I could, like, call them out. But I know Tobly. Well, you can always learn who they are. That's true. Then you'd be like, oh, I found sushi.






 It's Makayla, Hot Twist. Okay, sushi's good. She's like her son, her daughter. [BEEPING]






 Oh, links back to his habit of breaking pots. Hey, man, if there's rupees in there, break them away.






 [BEEPING] That's kind of easier.






 You're going to reply to people? No, I was just trying to log in. Oh, okay. Do a code.






 2FA and-- I'm just-- I'm just in this guy's house breaking everything. And he's just standing there.






 [BEEPING] He's just that friendly. [BEEPING] I got a wooden stick. Ooh, it's a four. It's a four, better than my broken-- It's a four-strang. Hello, you seem new-- Oh, is this a different guy?






 This is a different one that looks the same. At least he's not a-- Hello, you seem to be new here. The ones that have like an arch neck-- Do you intend to use that as a weapon against the soldier constructs?






 Seem to be like friendly? Soldier constructs. Soldier constructs are those of us given strict order to protect this land. Oh, so they're basically like little guardian people.






 Cool. The zonai who created us directed them to eliminate trespassers.






 I'm trespassing on these people's properties, destroying everything.






 What are my crimes?






 Consider you a trespasser. You must treat them as a serious threat.






 Allow me to offer unsolicited advice. Me or Rilo? It is crucial to maintain a proper distance and target your weapons. Swinging haphazardly will not yield results. You want to bet.






 Press and hold. Lock on. You may practice targeting on me if you want.






 Oh, but please do not actually attack-- Oh, okay. Just lock on you. Okay.






 That's easy. I want the apple. Thank you.






 [singing]






 I feel like I'm going to accidentally fall off the island.






 Wait, did I-- is there any way? No, this is the way I have to go. Okay.






 Weee!






 He makes a big splat for me. He's doing such a clean go. [music] I mean, I was part of this professional Olympic, you know, divers that do the exact perfect






 pitch of the arms and everything, so that--






 There's a science, y'all.






 And Link's definitely a clear man.






 You know what? I bet there's stuff out there. Let me just smash that over your head real quick.






 It probably is, but I'm going to fight this guy.






 Ow, they hit hard. So when their head is detached, they're friendly when their head is like part of a robot. They're pinnacles. Oh, my stick broke. That's what happened. Here's the floor.






 No, I'm going to break down the little baby sticks. And then use the more power. Oh, because they can pick-- The zonai pick-- these guardian guys, they both pick-- He picked up the rock to chuck it at me.






 You can throw a rock to the path. Karen, throw it at the next one.






 But also, I can't sprint when I pick them up.






 Hello, pick it up.






 I'm like a bird.






 Where am I going? Who knows?






 [birds chirping]






 At least you saying I'm the mat. That's all I saw from the chat.






 I'm going to assume saying that I was right was just Sushi being Makayla. Nope.






 Oh, okay. I think that's what she was saying I was right about.






 Because her username is always something to do with sushi, or like fish, or it's always some like fish or sushi or-- She likes what she likes.






 She doesn't even really like fish. That's the thing.






 Yes, I am right, okay. Maybe she just likes the idea of being fancy and liking sushi. Maybe. Like a status thing. Status thing. I'm cool enough to eat sushi.






 I get that.






 That's how you were when you were age.






 I loved sushi though. You were like, oh, I love Japanese things. Oh, that means I love sushi. I do love sushi though. It's so good.






 So these zonai chargers have to be used to something, because there's so many of them.






 What the--






 Oh, what the heck? Why are you-- what are you? Why are you-- I want--






 Wait, dude, this flower is just--






 He just pops up everywhere.






 Oh, it's the--






 The crocs.






 This is my favorite one, the lanky-- the lanky boy. That's what I call him. He carries the-- Have you looked at your map and seen if you're going toward the Zelda spider that's walking around? I'm kind of wandering around because I was looking for sticks.






 Well, let's wander in the direction of the-- Okay. It's Zelda. Oops, you have to-- these are turns to him.






 Horroxy. I don't want it to take 50 hours to get through the main quest. Yeah, we do actually, because everyone likes his name to me talk.






 Who says so?






 How do I open it? I don't think I open it. I was given a sheet. Well, sushi says that looks like Lily-billy.






 Lily-billy? Oh, the crook?






 It does. Lily-billy is our cat.






 And my mom's phone.






 I can make bird noises.






 Oh, that's a whistle. But still, bird noises. That's not bird noises. Those are whistles. They're bird noises. No, a word noise would be like--






 Nut.






 It's a bird noise in my brain.






 We'll let you feel. Oh, are these the chili peppers? Chili peppers.






 Yeah, well, they give you speed when you cook them into dishes.






 So when we-- Or if you just cook them on theirselves, they can give you a little bit of speed. But you add them to dishes, and they can give you either heat upgrades, or they can give you--






 I don't know. I'm trying to figure out--






 That's what I was trying to figure out was how to open it, but I can't--






 No, but I can continue to call it.






 Oh, wait. Do I have to-- Oh, wait, I think I-- it's this button.






 Yeah, that's what it is.






 Oh, okay, so it's all the way up there. It's a good distance away. Let's just walk straight up there. Okay. If I'm unprepared and die, it's going to be okay. I mean, if you find something along the way, that's fine.






 One of this round is good.






 Oh, don't go in the water. Whew. You don't have water.






 Not when your stamina's out. As soon as you hit the water, they'll drown.






 Maybe you shouldn't have ran.






 Looks like you're standing on a real plane, so go quick then. A lot quicker than Breath of the Wild. Breath of the Wild, it took forever.






 It's because I'm linked. Link is never tired.






 I don't need clothes.






 Hey, at least we got pants.






 At least he's not in this crusty box. Yes, I can't complain about it. That he's had for like, God knows how long. Ew, what are you--oh, you're going to attack me, are you? No, you're not. Yes, you are. No, you're not. I was going to put something in his room, though. I bet you're going to hide him.






 It'd be cool if you could mount that off. Yeah, I think it hates marks. I don't know how you eat them, but--






 You do this. Oh, I'll stay there, you're right.






 That's all.






 Two. Okay, so each restore is half a heart. You're good. I was wasting that half a heart, but that's okay.






 No, I didn't. I still had half a heart left.






 So I just went back to full health.






 I'm going down here.






 This is a guard. So one tip I heard is when your weapon's about to break, throw it. Because it will do extra damage as a thrown weapon, then it will, before it breaks. Can I sneak past all of them?






 Because if you look, they have a little vision target. Like, in their eyeballs, they have a red display. Oh, like a direction. Yeah, so if I just go around them... Around... But then you don't get to scream for them.






 But then I don't have to go and find sticks.






 I only have one, and then the-- You got two.






 This one's almost broken, and I have the two for them. I'm going to have to do a sneak scream.






 I just need to go around all of them. This one's a nice one. He got the long neck. I can go talk to him.






 And steal his shrooms.






 Ooh, toasty grilled shroom gives the exact same. I roasted that, but it's yours if you want it. You roast them? Oh, I had not noticed before that you were unfamiliar to me. My apologies.






 Among my tasks is to explain anything that visitors might require knowledge of.






 You may have questions about this place, but rest assured that I can-- That a construct can answer them. High school, where are they, y'all?






 I recall that your question was about roasting food. I roast ingredients by placing them beside the fire.






 I do not eat, but I'm given-- But I-- I'm given to understand that it improves the taste.






 Our creators roast ingredients in order to enhance their nutritional value.






 Do you have ingredients? I invite you to use the fire to roast them. But also if we do end up having the cooking element, and you roast all of them, then you're stuck with no acting ingredients.






 Give me...






 Oh, I didn't roast it. I'm lazy.






 Gimme, gimme. Gimme, gimme. Gimme, gimme.






 Oh, you're supposed to be smart. You're just walking straight into a tree.






 It's okay, I can't read. [beep] [beep] [beep] [beep] [beep] [beep] [beep] [beep]






 Aw, he's cleaning! He's dusting! That's cute.






 Okay.






 Onward, good fellow!






 [water splashing]






 [footsteps] [footsteps] [footsteps] [indistinct chatter]






 No, thank you. [indistinct chatter] All right. No, come here.






 [indistinct chatter] All right. I forgot the other way.






 [indistinct chatter]






 All right. [indistinct chatter] All right. [indistinct chatter] [water splashing] [beep] [footsteps]






 Don't worry, I, a Zelda, I'm going to save you in my skirt with my rusty sword and old wooden shield.






 My bare breasts. And my titties out.






 [laughing] [silence] [beep] Oh, I was rejected.






 Shocker.






 There you go. That door will open only to those with sufficient power. Ooh. I'm sorry. I did not intend to startle you.






 It was I that spoke to you earlier.






 That arm originally belonged to me.






 I am wrong. You're so pretty.






 Rauru. Source of the right arm. He's so pretty. Oh, my gosh.






 Forgive me for appearing to you in this manner.






 Unfortunately, I no longer have a physical form.






 [footsteps] In any case, that arm should allow you to open the door. Carving's already-- Seems to have lost the power to do so. I'm sure that's who it is. It's like the short one. Because it's Rauru. He looks like a sheep.






 I like the ears.






 I like the ears.






 That's it.






 He's got your arm.






 That doe thing? Yeah, because his little intro thing was like, "Rauru, the source of the right arm." Oh. You just missed it.






 The closed door. Main quest. New objectives. Gotta go over there and-- Open adventure log. Whoa. The closed door. Hey. Find Princess Zelda.






 When you tried to open door, Rauru appeared. And said he was the original owner of the new one. He also said you need to revitalize the arm so that the power of its touch will open the door. To do that, visit the island shrines. A green light spirals above each of them.






 So to open the door, we gotta go to all these different shrines.






 So...






 Can we go to this one first?






 Yes.






 Oh, okay. Well, because that's where the waypoint thing was. He's gonna talk to you again. Rauru.






 Well, that stuff I just said, I'm gonna say it again. Thank you, Rauru.






 Oh, because if I hit Y, I can log it. He wants you to go down.






 Stay. Well, because look. Because if you look at the minimap, that's why I was like, "Oh, what the heck?" Because it links up that spot. But okay, I get it.






 Oh, let's not go off that way. Yeah, I'm just kidding.






 [mumbling]






 Well, I'm gonna... I was gonna see. Stay here. Oh, it's a little down too.






 Okay, I guess I'll go down.






 Probably not. Okay. Tell me about the bridge. [mumbling]






 Yeah.






 No, that was from when I fought the guy. Because I didn't block him.






 But we can go this way. [gunshot]






 He's not going through. I'll be fine.






 Someone said, "Hello, hello."






 How are you? First time chat. Hello, hello. Hello, hello, why?






 Hello, hello. This for you.






 If you guys follow that creator, I love her so much.






 I want to make her food all the time. It looks so good.






 Oh, no, no, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. Oh, you're throwing rocks at me. [mumbling]






 I play the game by sneaking. Okay.






 [mumbling] Uh, sometimes it is. Okay, listen.






 Okay, the last game taught me that I should sneak all the time. Ooh, what's that? Ooh, what did I do? I think it forced you to do that. No, I hit the-- I went to go hit, like, the old look-- my brain going into crouch mode, but it opened the spotter. I have to get up there? How do I get up there?






 Oh, there's stairs over here. But I'm going to check up here real quick.






 There's no point to coming up. Ooh, what is this? It's like a zip line.






 It does look like a zip line. I bet you there's something you get later that you can, like-- A zip line. Zip around. Or something.






 Probably not.






 That's a problem for future me.






 Hello, future me. [mumbling] Arrow. This is not a good sign. There's just arrows all over the floor. Where are you looking at the door? [mumbling] [laughing] Oh, shit. Get out of me. Get out of me. [mumbling] That actually scared me so bad. [mumbling] He just zooming out of nowhere. He's coming out quick.






 Oh, my gosh.






 Oh, okay.






 We're fine. You guys didn't see that. Ooh. Ooh, bow. That's why it gave us me a bunch of arrows.






 Okay.






 God, that thing scared me so bad.






 I said, "Oh, don't scare."






 Guys, you can't make fun of me when I'm throwing arrows. I play games like this.






 [humming]






 Ooh. Ooh, the-- the-- the-- the-- The swimming shoes. The restrooms.






 Yeah, they give you speed bonuses when you put them in dishes. We're out of stamina.






 I won't. Some more restrooms.






 Trust me, I know how to play them. I love purple mushrooms. I know how to play Zelda games. I'm good.






 I wonder, you know, it-- it has a little Sonic indicator there. I wonder if, like, that plays a factor. Sonic indicator? Yeah, it's a little audio purple thing. Oh, yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, sometimes you have to sneak.






 Yeah, it's telling you how much money you make. Because in the original-- in the-- well, not the original, but the first, like, the Breath of the Wild game. The first-- I haven't played anything since, uh-- But, yeah, the other open world game, there was an entire section where you had to, like, sneak past guards.






 And-- or it wasn't guards. It was something, like, similar to that. Well, Zelda means about yourself. Yeah, but it was-- oh, it was the ancient-- the ancient guardians, because they would react to, like, the smallest thing, so you'd have to sneak past guards. Watch and make sure you're hydrated. [doorbell] You don't want those dry lips and dry throats.






 I'm gonna drink lots of extra water. Don't be like your mom. Or whatever beverage you have, Andy.






 And have some snacks.






 Ooh, that looks pretty.






 I love the blue-green--






 Ooh, you. ...yule-flamy vibe. Oh, you got a friend.






 Oh. That's not fine.






 The outside side looks like a potato. There you go.






 Potato movement.






 Mm.






 It's loading something.






 Oh, the shrines.






 Yes, I love doing the shrines. I'm so bad at them, though. Guys, don't make fun of me, okay? Here, I'll do the voice acting for this. So you've made it here.






 He sounds like a mix of Yoda and Obi-Wan Kenobi. Well, he looks like Yoda. That's true. This is a shrine of light. Long ago, I filled these places with light that purges evil.






 I believe this light will restore an ability your right arm has lost. I did. It is kind of Yoda-y. It is very Yoda-y. Now then, extend your hand. Okay, wait, but like, take a second. Look at his figure. Why has he got the hourglass, though? Well, you know, he's kind of one of those non-binary-- You got the hourglass, though. Well, so does Link, kind of. That's true.






 Link gives me gender envy.






 Toby, if you're still here, does Link also give you gender envy? I want to know.






 Okay, so now we have a power. Is that what he just did? He just did a power. He gave me a palm. We didn't have to kill nothing or fight anything. Well, because the first shrine, they always give you a power. And then the next one, you have to do, like, puzzles and stuff. Stick them to other odds. Because now you have-- you can move stuff. So now you're going to use it on either this shrine or the next shrine. So it's kind of like, "Scan this hand!" Yeah, it is very similar. Well, because the last one, each shrine you would go to in the very beginning would give you a new power-up. Like, you could stop time and all this other stuff. Yeah, I missed all the Breath of Wilds and all that stuff. Yeah, so basically-- I think the last Zelda game I played was on the Wii U.






 What was before Breath of-- I don't remember what it was called.






 Yeah, I haven't played anything on the Switch. But no, oh, you're missing your dialogue. Oh, I'm sorry.






 "With it, you will be able to build a great number of things." Really, anything. You can imagine. I'm so skinny.






 Link is such gender. Push the button. Let's go. I'm sorry, I was reading the chat.






 Hey, Toby, take some attention. Use Ultra Handy to see the blessing from the shrine.






 Rauru, why are you leaving me? Use the abil-- oh, you got a little shoulder about here now. Yeah, because now-- Now you gotta do the puzzles. Now you gotta do the puzzles. Because at the puzzles, they'll give you-- at least in the last game, they gave you like-- they weren't tokens, but they were kind of similar to tokens, and you could use them to get more hearts.






 I assume once you have more than one ability, there's a way to cycle them. Yeah. There you go. Hold it down. What can I grab over here? Oh, this is what I can grab. I want to see it. It's like I'm looking for--






 [explosion] Yeah, then you can go in the finish.






 Hold on. Let me figure out the controls here.






 [explosion] [typing] So impressed.






 [music playing] Good work, adulteo. Ooh, I found-- ooh. [gasps] There's a chest up there.






 Which means I'm gonna-- [explosion] [inaudible] No, but I have to get across, and then I can use--






 so-- oh, shoot. This is gonna be harder. [inaudible]






 What do you want me to work with? I'm looking for the right. That's-- Oh, shoot. Oh, I'm kidding. [gasps] I need both of them to get across. So I have to place one of them like this. Can I rotate it? Oh, I can. OK. Why is it gonna like, upward a little? Yeah, if I hold it down, then I can-- [explosion] I don't know. [inaudible]






 It's not gonna look safe. Give it-- OK, just give me a second. All right? Trust. Trust the process. Even if it falls, just trust the process a little bit. It's gonna-- it's gonna look a little-- it's gonna look a little funky, OK? So you're like, ramp down and ramp up? Oh, I didn't mean to throw that. Oh, no. My sticks. We need those sticks, man. No, you're stuck. Now you can't get it. No, there's a ladder. Oh, OK. Trust me, I'm not dumb enough to just jump down. I saw the ladder. [beep] I can't get-- I have to line up like-- You can climb the ladder there. Perfectly. There we go. There is a ladder. You cannot climb it. You're stuck down there forever.






 But no, OK. So if you line these up just right, that it'll-- I'm probably gonna have to line this one up a little bit further out. I'm just gonna do it so I don't think it's gonna work. There is physics, but I'm gonna-- I'm gonna physics this, OK?






 Uh-- oh, I have to approach this at the other angle, OK? I think you need to like make the other one at an angle. But you slide off them. That's the thing is because there's the stone, you're gonna slide off of them. You have to make them more like basically a balance on each other, I think.






 Like--






 [inaudible] Are you gonna-- OK.






 OK, so that was the sweet spot. OK, so.






 Am I doing this-- am I doing this wrong? Do you want to? Sure. Take the two pieces. Uh-huh. Connect them on this platform and then move them--






 You can-- Oh, OK.






 And like make them a thing and then you can move them to the whole thing. (laughs) Crush me, crush me. No, it's not, it's just. - Found Sushi says you're breaking their brain. - I can't even push it over. What did I just do? - I like the tentacle in the found sushi. - What did I just do? - Big fans of octopi around here.






 - How am I breaking your brain, Sushi butt?






 Okay, how many of you use this to knock this one down? Nevermind, I'm not. Oh!






 Oh, they attach, okay.






 So, hold on, I gotta unstick them.






 Okay, so.






 I did not know you could attach them, were you? Okay.






 I'll be fine.






 I keep hitting the wrong button.






 Probably nothing, you probably just move out of the way because Link is just like, "Yep, I'm good."






 That's gonna be close enough, that'll work.






 Watch. - Okay.






 - Trust me, okay? - This is a very special construction. - It's not gonna work. I realize it's gonna fall.






 - Oh, you're making me hurt. - No, I realize like. - Oh, please don't make me hurt. - I realize I couldn't run up it. - Oh man, we should have done that. - We should have done this while you were recovering. - By the way, for those that are on the stream, I had a burst of pendants last week, so we got a bunch of new holes in my body. - And you chose to play Zelda with the funniest person in the world. - Which makes me laugh, it really hurts.






 That's perfect. There you go, look at there, see? Oh, it like, puts like a little clay. - It's like glue. - Like glue, like a globule.






 But I have to get at another angle, because I can't, I don't think I can. There we go. - Bro, it's like a house. - And then, and then I think I can pick it up and put it in front of the house.






 - What was that music? - That was for the chest. That's the music that plays in the chest. - There's a chest nearby me? - Yeah, right up here. - Not as annoying as the Fortnite. (humming) - Oh, tight, see? There you go. I bet the boy's gonna figure it right now. The twins.






 I wonder. - I didn't know you could attach them. I feel like I would have figured it out faster if I could figure out you could attach them.






 - Well, it's a good thing, I don't mind spoilers.






 I do know a lot of folks be here for like seven to thirty hours.






 I wanna do this in 24 hours. - Maybe that's what they fit there here for. - I wanna do this in 24 hours, straight through main quest only.






 Main quest and required.






 - Okay.






 Oh, we're gonna have to hook.






 Okay, wait, wait, I see. Okay, this is gonna get attached to this platform. (suspenseful music)






 Or I think we have to attach both hooks, I think.






 Oh, shh. Oh, nevermind.






 No, I need you to be like up against the wall. (suspenseful music)






 (muffled speaking) That's what it's gonna attempt to do with it if it's all the wrong way.






 (suspenseful music) (suspenseful music)






 (suspenseful music)






 No, no, they have to be at the same angle.






 (suspenseful music) - I need to rotate that. - What do you mean? - The one that has to be there. - No, they attach to each other. - That's okay. (suspenseful music)






 Why wouldn't you just place center?






 (suspenseful music) You know what, that's good enough, I guess. (suspenseful music) As long as you work, as long as you can hang on there. (suspenseful music) (suspenseful music) No, you're just hanging on here for no reason.






 (suspenseful music) Sorry, I'm like bleeding in the back of my face. - Hey, jump on it quick. - Oh, God.






 I didn't think it was gonna instantly start going. - There you go. - Whee! - Then you fall off while you're over the gap. I wanted to go flying, not gonna lie. - Oh, I heard that boo boo boo beep. - It's either because that's there or there's another chest. But it does not look like there's another chest. (suspenseful music) - Blesseth down in the-- (gasping) - Let's not go down there. - I was doing that as a joke and it became real. - It looked like a house. (laughing) Oh, it's a whoops.






 Game over.






 - Let me start the entire shrine.






 (suspenseful music) - Hey, this is doing pretty good. We're at about 39 minutes. - I have no idea what's happening because I have never played a Zelda game. - You're done well to this place.






 - The Yoda voice, right? - Yeah, I think.






 - We often just like to know the kind of plans you will be. (suspenseful music) - The like girl looks like Zelda with big ears.






 (suspenseful music)






 Thank you.






 - Toby says you have no clue what's happening and he has never played a Zelda game.






 Creeper, Minecraft.






 I don't know, creeper icon.






 - You know what? It's okay, you'll catch on.






 (suspenseful music) - Light up the lesson. Crystal the glow with a light that purges ancient evil and purifies with its radiance. Now in your inventory. - I'm gonna eat it. - And they refilled your hearts. So I guess every checkpoint. - The shrine is always a failure.






 - There you go.






 And then they go away.






 - So does that mean we're done with the shrine? - Yes, and then we'll teleport you back to the-- - Is there a quick exit? - No, it teleports you back, yeah. - Oh, this chair is uncomfortable.






 I'm out. - What am I eating?






 I'm eating Mr. Goodbar. - Not sponsored. - Not sponsored.






 Oh, I also have mini servers. Also not sponsored.






 That's what I'm eating.






 - Although we would be happy to talk about a school. - My little snackity snacks. - Peanut bitter, 1034. Welcome, peanut bitter. - Hello. - Thank you for joining us. - You did very wonderful getting through that shrine and you've restored an ability. This is wonderful.






 - If you visit and complete two more shrines, you should be able to open the door to the temple of time. - The temple of time. - So we gotta do three shrines before we can open up the door that we want. - And we can get to my girl Zelda. - Shiver my timbers. - She says peanut butter, 1034. - Are you a pirate?






 - Argh, my team. I see your peanut bitter, 1034.






 I'm a peanut bitter pirate myself, not sponsored.






 - I got your text for you. - Oh, sorry. You may want to mark the shrines in the distance with pins. Then you'll never lose track of where they are.






 - Pro tip. - Now this is when you're supposed to learn about the zoom. And not go ahead like I did. - The pure pad offers you very useful scope. - It's quite handy.






 - I would love to cosplay this character just to make the big hair.






 - Oh, the sheep guy? - Yeah, Rauru. I would love to cosplay Rauru just for the big hair. But it would be so annoying to wear to a convention. I would wear it just for pictures. Like I would do a photo shoot with the big hair. It would be so cool. - Yeah, I could 3D print it. And then put fur on the outside of it. - That's true. - Not soft, because it looks very firm. - Yeah, it does look very firm. - It's got weights hanging in it. It doesn't wiggle or anything. You could do a 3D printing slash fur wrapping thing. - So, oh, there's the other shrines. - So you can mark it with a pin. Do you know how to do that? - Yes. - Place pin. - You, I want it to. - I see when it's red, it'll place a pin on it. There you go. - Yeah.






 So there's one and then you can view it from the map. But I don't see the other green. So there's one.






 This was one. So there has to be one more somewhere around here.






 I'm gonna guess it's probably gonna be further below.






 Like not up in the air or maybe I'm, oh, it's right there. I see it. I was right. It's further below.






 - I think you want to go down first. - Down first and then up. (dramatic music) - Looking for an easy route?






 Check the side of the shrine, you're just exited. - Oh yeah, because it goes straight down and then it loops up to the top one. Okay. - So that's how we're gonna go down. There's a wooden plank at the top. It said, I'm gonna be able for you to make things. - Let me hop on the stone feet. I need to go down. No!






 I need to hop. - The side of the shrine. - Oh!






 I don't know which side. - The side of this shrine? - Yeah, the one you detected is from some wooden plank around the center.






 You use those to go down. - Oh! Oh, is it over here?






 Oh, it's the zip line. We can put it together now so we can go back down. - You can go make a new zip car or whatever.






 See, I knew that you could get something that we didn't think of. - Okay, so I can literally jump down here. I can, there's water, I look down.






 I'm not that crazy. - You don't have 30 hearts anymore.






 - What is it, what is that? You watch Rated R when you-- - Can it better so that's okay? - We should cosplay Legend of Zelda together. Yes, Toby, I'm trying to cosplay Legend of Zelda for one of the days for, what is it, Stockman Con Summer that's coming up. I wanna do my Zung Lee cosplay and then I'm trying to do this version of Link, but when he actually has more of a toga shirt wrap on. - Yeah, we're looking at-- - And his green sleeves. - It's in progress. - That's so nice.






 Oh yeah, I'm making his whole arm sleeve right now.






 I'm gonna use a glove as a base and I'm trying to 3D resin print his-- - A kuchima. - What do you call it? Like the arm gauntlet, whatever you wanna call it.






 The 3D elements on the hand, I'm trying to make out of resin.






 - Come and check out Atlas and her pillows and tears of the kingdom cosplay. - I'm trying to make Isaac be a Ganon. - He would be, that would be cool. - He would be such a good Ganon. - I see, does he even ask me to make her-- - Yes, especially if I ask him to.






 - I wanted him to join the livestream and watch but he's like, I don't want spoilers and I was like, that's fair.






 I was like, okay, I guess I'll forgive you this time.






 No, I'm trying to rotate it so that they can like flat and I can attach them.






 Oh, that's not what I meant by like flat.






 Okay, attach.






 There's more. - That guy just like so gross.






 - It's probably made of whatever this arm's made out of. I can't think of standing on it.






 You know what, I don't like her attitude.






 Nope.






 I don't know my left from my rights guys. Don't make fun of me.






 That's attached to the wrong spot.






 Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, get off.






 Her shoes are all mine over.






 - Aw, isn't that nice? Toby who earlier said he'd never played a Zelda game.






 Says he'll learn the entirety of the game. Legend of Zelda lore, it's just a cosplay Zelda lore. - Oh, that's so sweet.






 I would love that, honestly, that would be so fun. Plus I had like such a random like hyper fixation with specifically Breath of the Wild. I finished the game, like the like main quest in under like 12 hours because I got, I was just like so into it.






 And then I started doing all the side quests, but I kind of forgot the game existed because I stopped playing it for a while because I lost my switch.






 Cause you could probably make it longer. Like there's probably going to be a time later when we'd like have to come back and probably transport something or something similar. - Maybe this will be down at the bottom and you need another one. - Oh, that's true.






 I'm trying to figure out how to, there we go. - Anybody knows we're totally happy to have some players have to take advice. Anybody who played this game,






 we don't really know what we're doing. We're just kind of figuring it out. First playthrough, hashtag. - I can't figure out how to rotate these things. I hate it.






 You know what?






 It'll be close enough. - You attach it at an angle. - No!






 (laughs) Why would you do that? Get off. Wiggle, wiggle.






 - Where's that 3D mouse? - Okay, so that way goes this way. - For like one axis.






 3D explore. - Cause I almost had it, but then I didn't, but then I lost it. And now it's flat.






 How does this keep happening? Okay, I'm getting closer. Okay. And then I lose it again. And then it stops being as close.






 I got it.






 Don't rotate at all. Just attach. No!






 Okay. No, this is easy. This is easy. This is easy. I can do it. You just gotta wiggle, get off of there. I love that the detached element is just wiggled.






 (humming) - You know, come to think of it, if a guy dressed up like Link, then that's it. - Is he? - I think if there's a good talk video of the guy, I probably got it. - Okay, that's not funny. - Maybe that's really funny YouTube video. Where the guy was like, "We can get it." - Oh, I know. Yeah, I've seen that video. Yeah, I've seen the video.






 - I don't know if you want to put it on. Oh, okay. Well, I'm trying to get it around because I put the hooks on the wrong side. - You hard to go jump on. - What do you mean? It'll be perfect.






 I was seeing if I could jump on it while I still had it in place, but I could in fact not.






 Because now I feel like, get it to come forward to me.






 - Found Sushi says that they'll constantly with you if you find them safe.






 - Makayla, I'm broke. You're the one with money. - You're not broke. Look at all that graduation, like hundreds of dollars. - It's still not that much. It's going to my Hawaii for a week out of right.






 I got to pay for all my stuff in Hawaii.






 - Oh, well it's kind of cool. - Yeah. I can't tell if they're the nice-- - Peanut Bitter. Our peanut bitter pirate says, "Don't torture yourself. Stick to the breath of the wild sea reef." - Don't torture yourself.






 Oh God.






 You know what? I enjoy torturing myself. I do it far too often.






 Because I continue to play these games, even though I probably shouldn't.






 Fix your gaze forward. Face it head on. Pardon me. I was absorbed in my wood cutting.






 Are you here for wood cutting too?






 Wood cutting is the practice of chopping down trees to create logs. I thank you for being so insightful.






 They're so sweet.






 - It's like ancient chat GPT.






 - They're like just a little information box. They're the map bots from FNAF security breach. - There you go. - If you guys watch FNAF security breach,






 I love all of you. - Don't forget to hydrate everybody. - Logs can be combined to assemble platforms. You can also chop them down further to make wood.






 Lumber has many uses. That is why I come here daily to chop wood.






 And yet I still find it difficult to chop them down in the intended direction. - There you go.






 - That is why you may have heard me muttering to myself, fix your gaze forward. Face it head on.






 Ah, I apologize. I have been rambling for some time.






 There is an ax I no longer need over there. It is yours to use if you want to do some wood cutting. I kind of already picked that up before you gave me permission. I'm sorry. And I'm stealing your lumber. - Wood. - Why? Because, because Link doesn't know. Oh, I didn't want to hear the whole spiel. No, you're very sweet, but I don't want to hear your whole spiel. Okay.






 Why am I stealing wood? Because Link has no,






 he doesn't care for anyone around him. He's just like, yeah, this is mine now. I also love that he never talks. I think that's so funny.






 Cause he was like such a hard, one of the games, I don't remember the point. What are the games? He was like such a hard throw up. He never said a single word. - That they're still at work even now. - Oh, cause he was a part of the ancient city. - We originally created the constructs to assist in our endeavors. All of us were fond of them.






 I never imagined they would continue to carry out their assigned tasks to this day. - That's cute though.






 - The fact that they're labor no longer serves any purpose. Yet they perform it still. It is disquieting to me. - Toby gave hearts for Matt Bot. Me too, I love Matt Bot.






 I love Raurun. He's so cool looking. Look at him, look at his hair. His hair is so nice.






 Look at all these people.






 - Oh, one Ella, one Olivia,






 Alessandra, Commander Luke,






 Drap Snack, Found Sushi, Flickie Babe TV, Hawaiian,






 Lizbae, Keta, Lurks,






 Paul, Ari, Gooey, our peanut bitter pirate, 1034.






 Rolling bow, hey I know that guy. - Peanut bitter pirate. - Streamer social space, Toby is unknown in World of Streamers. Welcome home, chat. - Toby!






 (gagging) - Oh my gosh, this just reminds me, the next time you stream, if you guys want to stream with us, we can literally invite you, and if you have a camera, even on your phone, we can send you a link, and we can broadcast your picture in your little picture. - G-13 everybody. But if you'd like, you can join us on the screen. - And you could join us, and we could chat, and you can watch us struggle. - You can interact with us in the audience.






 - So am I supposed to chop down these logs, or am I supposed to just continue on my way?






 I think I just continue on my way towards the next. - I think you need the logs to make-- - Oh, to make the bridge, okay, okay. - Yeah, they're like broken, I just can't jump across, and you gotta make something. - Okay, it glows. You see this, it's glowing, the ax is glowing. Okay, so. - Another hack, you can also use the ultra hand smash the crates.






 - Oh, I was wondering what you could use in there. - Come up, shh. Come on, pack something.






 - Oh, arrows.






 That bell tower's kinda ominous, though.






 - What is that, there's like a robot there.






 - Robot? - Oh, I searched it, it had the core parts in it. Oh, I didn't search this, oh, there's not this little map. Okay, so I have to actually use the logs themselves, because I accidentally broke the other, oh, oh, okay, I get it, I get it, I get it.






 Yeah, okay, so drop this here, grab this here, this here other log, I don't know, I do some random accents.






 How real don't I, what's wrong with me? - Yeah, looks like maybe we-- - This was a boat, there's a whole boat. That's cool. - You could attach the rafts to the log. - So I need at least two or three.






 I'm gonna put like the four by four.






 Okay, well I'm gonna do it this way, because then I won't fall on it off of it, because you know, I'm kinda dumb.






 There was five, but I broke one of them.






 Chop down, deforestation, just like the once-ler taught us. Have you watched the once-ler?






 Perfect, you know exactly what I'm talking about.






 (water splashing)






 Is this gonna be enough? - Have a good night, found Sushi. - Good night.






 I'm leaving y'all, so cold.






 - Are we sure there's gonna be enough to get a drop?






 We'll find out.






 - Oh! - There you go. - Well, I mean it's--






 If Link could learn how to jump and not push the log.






 Okay.






 Ta-da, ta-da! Ooh, what's this blowing thingy?






 It just opens up and it's like a casino.






 What are you, actually? Can I jump on you? No.






 Can I move you? Oh, I can grab you.






 Oh, I can, I can't, it's a floating,






 oh, I think I know.






 So it floats and then you can set it. - Oh, it's like a jumping platform. - I think so. So this is either, I'm either gonna die because I can't make this jump. - Maybe you should lower it a little. So that it's like halfway between-- - Oh, you're right. - Where you're at and where you're building that floor. And then I was like, ooh, ooh. - You're right, that would be smarter. - Too high and you fall.






 I wanted the risk of dying, you know?






 That's a smarter way to do it. I'm not the brightest sometimes, my eyes itching, hold on. - So there is, so you might wanna go backtrack a little. There's-- - Some stuff I missed. - An object adventure.






 - There's a chest.






 I guess there's a little doo doo doo doo doo, only plays in the shrines, which is kind of upsetting because I love that little noise.






 I kind of already know about that. I don't drive a worm.






 You just have to kill them and shoot them down and they'll just be like, and they'll drop all the meat. Also, I was telling my dad about this earlier, but I found out through TikTok that in this game, if you scan the Animal Crossing villager amiibos,






 it'll drop meat and feathers,






 but when you go to your actual island on Animal Crossing, you'll have gravestones.






 - So basically you become a cannibal?






 - Yes. Well, not a cannibal because-- - A cross game to pump up their animal. - Yeah, because they're animals and they're human, but you can also slay, yeah. - That's kind of weird. - And I thought that was low key, really funny. - I think that's kind of dark.






 But hey, if you need some meat and Zelda and you don't care about your citizens, I guess, you know.






 It takes one half a dozen on an other guy.






 And there's always more citizens. - Well, your island can also become unpopular and then people won't want to stay there, so yes, sir. - Well, with all the gravestones and the randomness, you know that-- - I would. - I wouldn't want to live there.






 - I would collect gravestones like their tokens. - So something lightning strikes and disappeared dead. You end up as meeting some other parallel universe.






 - You get transported and it's instantly dead. Is there any behind here? No.






  How bad can a possibby   How bad, ah, ah, ah, ah, can I be   I'm just doing what you can for me   How bad, ah, ah, ah, can I be  - I don't know why that, oh, because I was talking about being the one-stir because I was gonna chop down the trees.






 (laughs)






 You guys want beads?






 I can't tell if those things are shiny because I can pick them up or if it's the fireflies.






 I think that's fireflies. - You could have a floating platform lower down. - Lower down. - I'm not sure if that's small.






 - Lower down, like-- - There's that platform in there that never-- - Like further. - I think I'm the other side. - Okay, I'll walk across.






 I'm fishing. I don't think I have a fishing pole yet.






 Is this the ranger? - Yeah, that's the hunter. (phone ringing) - Shh, quiet, I am engaged in hunting.






 Hunting? Yes, I hunt wild creatures that inhabit the forest.






 Hmm, I do not remember seeing you here before.






 We constructs will fill several roles. One is to burp by any necessary explanation-- - Toby says click the gravestone like Pokemon.






 (laughs) - Like Pokemon. - Thanks, Toby. - Love you, Toby. - Gotta catch them all.






 - Gotta kill them all. - Hey man, sometimes you just need a lot of meat.






 - Love me some meat, guys.






 Other constructs you meet will be able to answer questions you may have about other subjects.






 My--






 Words. My specialty is hunting. To hunt is to dispatch wild creatures. Many of them dwell within this forest.






 They are highly nutritious to organic life. They are also extremely wary.






 A hunter must not make noise. Crouching is essential for silence.






 Oh, this is why I have to talk to him. I learn about crouching.






 A bow can be used to strike from afar, aiming for weak spots is best.






 I will give you the bow placed over there. Use it as you please.






 Time has passed while I hunted. I seem to have failed to hear the time bell. There's no time.






 You will rest now. Let me know if I am needed, but do so quietly.






 Aw.






 I love these little construct guys. They're so cute.






 - I give you so much. - I can crouch now.






 I have to hide the hats while I de-scap. Okay, wait. - Maybe shoot them with options.






 Moving spots.






 About the distance, honestly. - No, that's the arrows I have. Those guys got a lot of hearts, dang. Well, I think my bow also does barely any damage at all.






 (bird chirping)






 I'm whistling again. I meant to open my image, whether or not.






 Yeah, because my bow only does four damage. (bird chirping)






 I'll probably hit him in the head. - For a large rock or something. - A large rock. Aw, that's so descriptive.






 That's so helpful, you know?






 No, I didn't mean to shoot. Dang it, I'm wasting arrows. Put the bow away, Link. Put it away. You have a problem. - Get a big stick.






 - Ooh, what are you, oh, oh, I think I'll get it back up.






 That's handy, because I accidentally hit the wrong buttons all the time.






 Okay, but I'm gonna smash out the bow.






 Not pull out the bow, stop pulling out the bow.






 Ooh, give me five.






 Close.






 Close, but no, sit down.






 Do I have to... Drop everything on its head. Drop everything on its head.






 Drop it, could I drop it? Aw, I can't drop it on myself. What if I...






 (laughing) It just bounces. It doesn't...






 Okay, wait.






 - Hit box. (thudding) - That, because it hit my head, it didn't break.






 This head must be soft.






 Link has a soft head confirmed.






 Oh, there's 10 arrows from that.






 Okay, now where was the flap button for that? - The platform's right there. But there's also a really kind of rock. - A big, oh, the croaks. - Somewhere near the, yeah, somewhere near the--






 - Near the construct. So he was over, like where he rests or where he was punching it.






 (muffled talking) I don't know, but there's an apple over here.






 A big rock.






 This one?






 Beat it up.






 I want--






 But there's a big rock somewhere near where he was.






 Oh, is it this one over here? - I think. - Let's go across. Let's go through my swing.






 You know what would be really, would be really like, and cool to have one of these things, like piranhas that will attack you while you're in the water. - Like spirals. - Yeah. - A lot of fish.






 A lot of fish. - A lot of fish.






 (dramatic music) - Rock went flying. - Yes, I have. - What is that? - The croaks. - There you go, that's what I wanted. - I love him. I love the little croaks. - Did you get another one before? - Yeah. When I told you the Linky, the Linky boy, my favorite. - Can you talk to him? - No, all they go is, "Yeah, you found me." They just keep repeating it, basically.






 Or they'll tell you, like, return the seats to, I can't remember his name. But he gives you,






 hell, no, he gives you ability upgrades. He gives you stamina.






 With my hand? (dramatic music) Oh, I probably have to shoot them.






 Yeah, I probably have to shoot them.






 Yeah, I probably have to shoot them out of the water, which I'm not gonna do right now.






 Shoot you. Oh, there's already a platform placed over there. So where does this one go?






 This has to lead to something else, right?






 It's just the next-- - Yeah, it took you to-- - Yeah.






 It's over here.






 Someone's actually hacking my game and I don't even know about it. Oh, that might be to help me get back up because this is too far. (gasping)






 No, I almost fell off the edge.






 Do you guys see that?






 There's nobody else. We got Korean anywhere.






 Oh my God, this is the most people I've ever had watching me play games. (bell ringing) Stamblow, they're like onions. They look like onions.






 Onion.






 So what was that? What was it like before they went on?






 Is there anything specific or just to-- Oh, stamela mushrooms. Give me some stamina.






 - There, we got to have fish, and then some mushrooms and stambos.






 (gasping) You ready to move on? Head south. I just want to learn first. (gasping) Restaurant. - Give me the, give me the, give me the apple.






 So it's mostly just to get fish. - Fish if you want to try that. - I don't want to.






 Just because I know they're really annoying to try to get. (gasping)






 (dramatic music) Hold on.






 That's probably why this one was so close. Now I can't reach it.






 Probably shouldn't have moved it.






 Now I get what I have.






 This way.






 Rotate, thank you.






 I think I might have screwed myself. You know, just a little bit. No.






 But I think that's why that one was so close.






 Now I can't reach it. (gasping) - Try to, see what happens when you jump over there. I mean, grab on. - Maybe I'm gonna die.






 Told ya. (laughing) - Oh well, you know, that is our first death in an hour and 10 minutes of our first play through.






 - Oh, but I'm back up at the top. So that worked.






 Okay, where do I go now?






 This way.






 I'm going,






 no, South is,






 no, we're going towards the blue one first.






 - Yeah, like South. - Is that South? - North. - Oh, I'm looking at the way the, - Yeah, I have the map pin. - Yeah, the map pin to North. That's why it was throwing me off. - I mean, you can unfin it, but I always like the North. - Here's the canyon with the roof rooms. Can I grab them?






 Give me.






 Listen.






 Am I on, I'm stuck. Oh, there I am. Link had to think for a moment about his life choices.






 You've been following the same princess for like 300 years. - Nope. - Maybe it's time to find a new girl. - There's three things in that room, be careful. - Three things, like bad things? - Like the soldier constructs and the ruins over there, see them in the doorway? - No, those are the good beat guys. That's the long necks.






 The guys with the long neck is okay. The ones that are like, have their heads attached are they attack you.






 But that one is a long neck one. See? - All right. - He might be guarded, but he himself is good.






 Oh, he's gonna tell us how to cook.






 Oh my gosh. My next pass will also be tasty.






 Pardon me for not noticing you. I was absorbed in preparing my next meal.






 Hmm, I do not recall having seen you before today. I must double, wait, doubly apologize? Is that the right word? - Doubly apologize. - Okay, doubly apologize for my inattentiveness.






 It is the duty of a construct to field any question that those such as yourself may have.






 You may pose these questions to any construct. We will answer them as best we can.






 Are you interested in my cooking?






 Cooking?






 Yes.






 Ah, you seem to be uneducated when it comes to cooking. - Really? - Very well. You will learn how to create a meal on your own. Okay, in this construct's defense,






 Breath of the Wild, doobie stew, delicious.






 Cooking step one, hold the ingredients in your arms. Step two, throw them into the pot over a lit fire. Cooking complete. That's more of a stew, you're not really cooking.






 That is the simple version. The world of cooking can be as complex as you want.






 There are many possible dishes that you make and what effects you gain depend on the ingredients used.






 Some meals are warming, others may replenish stamina.






 Tiny organisms known as critters and monster parts are not food. Save them as best. Save them as the base for elixirs. I could not say base for the life of me.






 This information was provided by our creators, but I cannot eat, so take it with a grain of salt. Food joke.






 I remain stationed here, asking me any time you have further questions about cooking.






 Aw, I love these little construct guys, they're so cute. Okay, now I'm gonna, let's try to cook something.






 Let's cook some, I don't have meat. I can't make mushroom skewers.






 Nevermind, I should've got fish. I don't wanna get fish right now, though.






 But yeah, cause I was gonna make like the, the,






 stamela, stamina stuff in the mushrooms and I'm going the wrong way, I gotta go this way.






 Stambolds.






 (footsteps)






 Ooh, look how close you're.






 (crashing)






 I got a frog.






 - Come on, that's me. I didn't think about it. - I caught a frog.






 Oh no, it's the bad guy, okay.






 If I just go around.






 Oh, I'm not gonna be in circles, I'm gonna be in.






 (gasps) I need the boat, I need the boat.






 Is there a log stand there, can I make the, (gasps) there's logs down there, I think I can make the boat.






 But I have to figure out how I get down. - Danny. - Danny. - Arthur. Danny, Arthur.






 - Welcome. - Who are, what are you? (laughs) What are you, oh, correct.






 Oh, his backpack is too big.






 - This is awful, where's my friend? - No, I'll be your friend. - You can see me. - They're little fairies. - One of the children, they're flowers. - They're so cute. - Twins around you, but fairs group. - They're so cute. - I'm traveling with my friend.






 - Yeah.






 - Oh, he's way over there.






 - Smoke signal, I can't wait to catch up.






 (laughs) - All right. - I'm so tired, though, I can't move.






 - You're like me for a little bit. - He's talking to a 200 pound backpack on a four pound log.






 - Arthur, you wanna go on the river, yeah.






 You just wanna go across the river. - Oh no, here we go. - I might end this speech of figuring out how to orientate things correctly.






 That's not it. Oh, we're getting closer.






 There we go.






 Why am I, oh, oh. - Toby says that's him as a school backpack. (laughs) - I could see it.






 - We can throw a hit.






 (laughs) - They're kind of short. - There are no eyes. - Yeah, that's for sure. I don't think anybody is eyes like.






 Man's just tall.






 No, it rotated.






 Okay, now come towards me.






 Oh, little bit of lag, but that's okay.






 It's held together by my magic goo, it's stable.






 (laughs)






 Logan would have a field day with this game. And the magic goo that comes from it. This is, this is,






 just okay, just have some faith in me.






 Well, it seems like you have none. Okay.






 That's fair.






 Yeah, they really are. Everyone's an ant compared to him. Yeah, that was really funny.






 (water splashing) Man's a six three and still growing.






 (water splashing)






 That's not gonna work, because they're gonna be at different angles. So, I don't think I can.






 Why am I suddenly like, oh, is my controller finally? (mumbles)






 I think I have to switch it up, because this is lag mode. Wait.






 Hello?






 (water splashing)






 Dang, that thing is sticky.






 Yeah, I think the controller's dying.






 Yeah, it's, okay, hold on. Okay, we're gonna, a little pause break, guys, because my controller's dying. Go in there and you'll see Princess Peach take this with you. Oh, and plug it in. It has a little USB dongle. Switch them out and put this in the controller charger. Gotcha. That way, when it dies next, we'll be good to go. Wait, how do I turn the controller off, though?






 So that...






 Hence why they call me Minifig, that's a good nickname.






 Minifig? I do not know about the Minifig thing. Learn something every day. I know about Tobly and Toblerone. Oh, I like Toblerone. That's a good nickname. I don't know who started that, but someone started calling Tobly Toblerone. What is your favorite nickname for yourself, Tobly? Do you have one that you prefer? Tobly. Oh my God, Tella Tobly.






 Oh, I think my mic's still on. You guys can still hear me. They'll be right back, everybody.






 See, speaking of nickname, I have a bunch of nicknames.






 When I was born, my family called me Smokey. You know, kind of like the guy from Friday, Smokey.






 So anybody who knew me before I was five calls me Smokey, everybody after that calls me by my proper name, which was Roland.






 I had some black family in Denver that I used to go spend the summer with, and they called me Trey, because my full name was Rolandy by the 3rd, so they were like, "Yo, Trey."






 And in high school, in the 90s, adding dog to everything was kind of a thing that we did, so it was like our dog. Oh yeah, you couldn't hear me, but I'm pretty sure the stream could hear me. Oh, the stream could definitely hear you. Yeah, Tobly's other nickname that I gave them was Tella Tobly. Tella Tobly. I have a whole list of nicknames you can go hug me. Isaac, hold on to me, Jim Carrey for a bit. I forgot about that. Now I remember Jim Carrey, I love that.






 Okay.






 See, these won't attract me a center, it'll only touch the one or the other. No, it's somebody tearing my damn pin off. Oh. Nothing but mine has been charging. Neither has your pin off. Oh, lovely. Did you put your corner into the table at the time? Yeah, I think it's on now. Well, it's on now, so it's going to be a surprise. Meow!






 Here we go. All right, back to the edge. That's what I got. (dramatic music)






 Jim Carrey, that's good. No, put me on. Okay. Oh wait, now it's not moving, what?






 Was it not big enough? It's not enough for you? Oh, and then I had some friends in high school called Golden Bluffs. Oh yeah, I remember. Golden Bluffs.






 I wasn't into weird or anything, I liked how they were straight legs. The Golden Kid was a Christian boy. They weren't anymore, but you know, I was coming down.






 Sorry, girlie.






 I don't think any of my friends are moving.






 For me?






 Why is it not? Okay, do I have to push it? I'm scared to put your first one down. It's because of the-- (gasping) It's caught on the land. Oh, I see, okay.






 What? Still, you gotta roll it down forever, but it's still-- (loud whooshing) Get off of the ground. There, you're right there. Now, no.






 That was a-- (cat meowing) Jump on it. Oh god.






 Don't, don't, don't fall. I'm like literally stuck here. I'm stuck. Dammit, oh. No, it's okay, if you don't move, this dammit is a decrease. It's only when you move that it decreases.






 Oh! I get to see the-- Make a-- Oh, this is where you can-- What are they just going through? 90 male actors? Are you a drama person, Toby?






 Yeah. Oh, okay. So maybe you had a phase where you were acting and kind of doing a nikki thing and then kind of a Jim Carrey thing, like, you know. I'm waiting here for my friend. Yeah, your friend's stuck with their overloaded backpack.






 (cat meowing) This is me and Toby for real. I'm the lanky one and Toby's the one that's falling over. There you go.






 I wonder what happened.






 My friend might be dead, but you know.






 You're not gonna give me croak seeds?






 I wonder how you do that.






 (cat meowing) Do I have to bring back your friend? I don't think they'll follow me. So I think, I need to figure out how to invite people to like, join. I don't know, Toby is like, "What if you're--" I'm gonna figure that out.






 Okay, I get it, your friend's over there. You're a horrible friend and you left them behind and just made a smoke signal. (cat meowing)






 I would never do that. I'm a real friend. You're a true blue.






 A true blue, true blue.






 (cat meowing) (cat meowing)






 I like this. (cat meowing)






 (cat meowing)






 I think that's why I like the Legend of Zelda so much is I can just like, break things.






 And cool things.






 Okay, I see the pieces for the sailboat.






 Hmm, I have an idea.






 Let's steal the pieces from this thing.






 (phone ringing) Could I potentially attach the stone hooks to the sail






 and I could just take the sail and drop it off. Watch, just trust my process, okay? Okay.






 I'm-- - Turn over to the sail. - Yeah, watch, because you know how you have to have the platform, so instead of building a wood one and trying to figure out how to fit the sail on it, what if I just, oh, maybe not, maybe not right there. But what if I-- (laughs) Listen, listen, I feel like it's gonna work. Okay, just how many do we have, okay?






 No, but if I attach like, hooks, if I attach them to the sail,






 if I attach them straight to the sail, then possibly there is a-- - Toby, I asked which nickname was your personal favorite.






 I know we all get a bunch of-- But like, what's the one that you like?






 Don't roll the log off the hill, Link. - No, come back long. - Link, Link, you--






 No, no, come back to the safety.






 Okay, just in case my little sail idea doesn't work, you know?






 But I think I'm onto something, truly.






 The sail just keeps tipping over.






 Also, I found more shrooms, sky shrooms. Like, in different lighting.






 Oh, you know what else I realized I could just do, like, kinda dumb.






 (dramatic music)






 Guys, I had a blonde moment here for a second.






 (dramatic music)






 Oh, god, it's stuck.






 That's what she said.






 Not in there.






 Let's see if this works.






 Hook!






 (dramatic music) Ha ha!






 Look at me being smart, guys.






 (dramatic music)






 No, now the idea is that I already have basically the whole thing built.






 And I was gonna, like, be like, oh, you know, why don't I just take the sail down there? Now I could just do it like this, and now the raft's built, and I just have to move the sail over.






 So now I can take it over this way.






 Hope nothing's gonna attack me over here.






 Don't, okay, you're fine, you can fall over there.






 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, go away. (dramatic music) Guys, thank you.






 Ooh, I got a thick stick.






 Got 11 thick sticks. (dramatic music) Oops.






 Well, she's lost her all of the time.






 Okay. I did like the blue coat around here.






 Toby says, honestly, I think my favorite is like, totally biased. - Totally biased. - Totally biased. I don't remember who started that, one of us did.






 I know I started telekoby, I think. To be honest, I don't remember.






 Oh my God, telekoby.






 It's okay, I was, at one point, I was just holding up a ginger. - Sorry, Toby. I'm not hoping with me. - Oh yeah, Toby's a ginger, too.






 Your wooden stick is badly damaged.






 This damage is my heart.






 Why do you keep placing sideways? Like, you'll be fine. Oh, is that way the wind's blowing? That makes sense.






 (water splashing)






 - Toby says, or Tim Drake Kenny, that you gave. - Oh my God, Tim Drake Kenny, yes.






 (dramatic music) We have watercraft.






 I was expecting it to go too fast, and I was gonna fall off. (mumbling) - Only, we're all going 30 minutes. - Oh no, I'm trying to, part two.






 Which includes everything with what is called the Great Sky.






 Great Sky. - This is always so fun. Look at my little raft, I'm so proud of myself.






 It's gonna crash from the crumble.






 This is the test of my mystery view. How well did my mystery view hold? Look at that, it's perfect, it's perfect condition. I got great mystery view. You guys should take some of my mystery view.






 Oh, the little slimey boys, I love them. Maybe you're what's the mystery view's made of. The choo choos, yes.






 Choo choo jellies. I'm trying to figure out how I can change the titles.






 - I'm trying to figure out how to change the titles of any mystery.






 - Unless I go to each one individually and change it. (mellow music) (grunting)






 (footsteps)






 - Or you could just, the title is like just a walk through itself, you know.






 Rather than each part.






 - Look at that, just a chum on it.






 I'm like a master. Like. - True. - I wanna have the individual chum.






 (dramatic music) - You know what I'm gonna show you? - Not bad. - Not bad. - Is this the third shrine? - This is the second one.






 - I mean counting the first one. - This is the second one.






 Because there's two shines, we did the first one. This is the second one. And then the third one is up on the mountain top.






 Or I guess it's not a mountain, the sky island, wherever. - There you go.






 (dramatic music) - Ah, he has been summoned again.






 - Ah. - Your turn, father. - Oh, yes.






 (clears throat) So you've made it here. Now then, extend your right hand.






 What's he gonna give us, what's he gonna give us? Gimme, gimme, gimme. - You're now a Raft boy. - Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme. - Tobly is my new nickname Raft boy. - Raft boy.






 - We should play Raft, but I wanna try that game so bad.






 - It's a sword. - Oh.






 - What power are we given now?






 Fuse, attack something to an, can't we already do that? Oh, to an equipped weapon. - To equip weapon. - Or shield to enhance it. You can undo the fusion, but that will destroy whatever has been attached.






 This is the Fuse ability.






 It allows you to fuse something nearby to your weapon or shield, thereby enhancing it.






 Thanks, Rauru. Why not pick up that sword just ahead and then fuse a nearby object to it?






 Use Fuse and receive the blessing from this shrine.






 - What if I fuse Link to it? - Is that like all the shrine is, or is there a puzzle? - Probably a puzzle too, but.






 - Like, literally, you just gotta go in and like, attack something or a sword, and like, hey, you win.






 - No, it's usually a specific item to do a task.






 - Watch the clip. - Ooh. - Where's six?






 Especially once we attach them, John. Oh, that's our most powerful weapon thus far.






 Dang, it's a big, it's taller than you are.






 It's a good thing you got it, I think.






 We're the one with a rock. - Can I fuse it with a rock? - What? - What if I fuse it, what happens if I fuse it with a boulder?






 - John doesn't make a recipe for a rookie. (laughing) - Oh, Jeebus, okay. - Can I fuse multiple? Oh, I thought I could fuse multiple. - Boulder hammer. - But now you can do this. - Now, okay.






 (exploding)






 All right, well that is... - Now I can crush things. - That is certainly a good thing.






 (exploding)






 - Yeah, certainly a good weapon. (laughing) - This is so cool! - Ooh, chest.






 - Kick.






 - He's just like open. - Open up, mofo. - I love Link.






 - Smashy smashy, grabby grabby. - Oh, that describes Link.






 (exploding) (exploding) - No, no, it's just a normal boulder. (exploding) - What happens if I pick it up and throw it at the other boat tumblers?






 (exploding) - Oh, it does nothing. - Yeah, it's something that lever.






 (exploding) (exploding) Sorry, that's it. - For real, ooh, what are these and I want them? - Some kind of glowy fire fruit. - Ooh, what if I, can I use the fire fruit?






 - Nice. Toby says, is that a rock sword in your pocket?






 (exploding) (laughing) - Both.






 Oh, I can't use it because I have the boulder hammer. Wait, but if I equip the, like, what if I equip-- No, if I equip my axe and then I use it to my axe.






 - Use it, or even use it on this. Oh, okay, what if I equip it to the-- - Oh, I get it. The axe is a stone and the stick. - Oh, that's cool.






 Ooh, now I got a fire stick. - Fire stick, what does that do? - I don't know. It'll probably, yeah, I'll probably set things on fire like this.






 I don't know, it's a fire fruit, so. - That's like crafting in this. - Oh, I was supposed to put it on the boat.






 That makes more sense. How can I attach this? - You're on the arrows.






 - You're right on the arrows. How can I put it on the arrow? Okay.






 If I equip the, okay, no, so if I drop.






 Okay, wait, I know how to do this. I have to go to my inventory. - Okay.






 Get your bow out.






 Pull it, then hit up at the same time. So pull it, hit up on the D-pad and pick fire fruit.






 - Oh!






 - And click with the right.






 (clicking) - There we go, oh! - There you go. Ta-da!






 - That's how we do it, okay. - You gotta do something like that. - I have to shoot somewhere, but I'm not sure where I shoot.






 - That looks like some kind of like fire, fire. - I guess I shoot over there.






 No, that's not where I shoot. Where do I shoot, then? - Maybe you just get fire. Maybe it's just a practice to show that I can do it.






 Oh yeah, this is a stone plate.






 Okay, well now I know that I can do that.






 Anyways, back to my boulder clay ore.






 Is that how-- - Oh, okay, there's a chest. You gotta shoot it, look up for a chest. There's something where you gotta burn something for a chest. - Oh, okay, I know what I have to do. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. - Maybe there's some kind of something. - Yeah, I know, I know. - There you go. - I see it, because we have to, I didn't see it. I was gonna shoot at the wood, and then it all burns, and the chest falls. That makes sense. - That, I was like, why would there be a platform raise there for absolutely no reason? There has to be something.






 - Do I get a shirt? No, I got a small key. - Small key? - I'm still got my titties out.






 - A shirt would be nice, but you know. - Unless we, unless we miss the shirt. - It's not like there's a gimmick around the car. - That's true.






 - Who needs shirts?






 Clearly not Link, he's always got his titties out. - That's just a shrine key. There's never boss bottles in the first few shrines.






 When we get to the other shrines, then yeah, there's sometimes boss bottles. - Oh, maybe there is, eh?






 Maybe.






 - Oh my gosh, do we get to have a boss battle? - Oh, he's gonna throw stuff, but, but I can. - Excuse me, he's got an amateur. - Yeah, but I can move this on the leaves and burn him. - Oh, there you go. That's the smartest way to save the home.






 - No, he's not. - I'm just gonna go.






 (laughing) (upbeat music)






 - Ooh, I got a new bow. - Ooh. - Loosier construct bow.






 (upbeat music) And a capping construct horn. So they're just more powerful constructs. And a normal rock. (thudding)






 Big stick.






 - Long stick. - Oh, it's gonna be like a spear. Oh, I can't, can I not take it?






 (groaning) - I hope you gotta get right here. - Get out of here, sticks.






 - Hey, give me one of those. - I don't need you to stick. I need this man. - Long stick. - I need me a long stick. - So what do you do with a long stick to those things? - It's probably just like a javelin, so you can have more of like a ranged weapon, you know? Can I use?






 Ah.






 - They're gonna be good.






 There's nothing that comes out of these guys. Just, they're just there. Oh, they probably like, I could have used them on like my shield maybe?






 To make my shield do damage.






 Let's find out. Can I, ooh, I can. Oh, it's probably to use on the sticks. On the sticks to make them, ooh, now they do 10 damage.






 That's why they do it.






 I don't think I can, oh, wait, on my other thick stick.






 Oh, what if I put it on the javelin? - No.






 - I think it's gonna work. I think you need to have more fish. - All right.






 - What if I attach the stick to the stick?






 It came at plus four damage. - Now that's interesting. - Now it's just interesting. - Now I just get another spike stick. - Now I got another spike stick. - You know, instead of dropping melee weapons, just throw them together.






 - Do I have any other empty melee weapons that I can attach to? - I don't know what happened, I don't know what happened. I don't know what happened, I wouldn't do it, but.






 - No, both my swords are fused.






 My boulder hammer, his was a rock hammer. His is the smaller one.






 My boulder hammer is messy.






 I got a big boulder hammer. - Girl's always like it. Person with a big boulder hammer.






 - That's why Link gets so many pictures of you. He's got a big boulder hammer. - It's all over.






 (bell ringing) - It's always the quiet ones.






 - It always is.






 (bell ringing) - We offer this like, potential people. - I'm pretty sure the end shrine is always like the same






 little phrase.






  Oh  - Does it restore your heart to that idea?  Ooh  - Yeah, and at one point you can find like the big like statues and you can pray and it gives you like more stamina and stuff. - Take it somewhere right away. - Oh, it's, oh, it's cause they're giving this power back. - Life of life, life of life, heart of the nation able and purified with its radiance.






 - But no, when you actually get down to like Hyrule, you can find like these big statues of like the goddess






 and you can give all these little pieces to the goddess statue if they're similar to how it was in Breath of the Wild, you went to all these shrines and collected all these pieces to give you like more stamina upgrades, heart upgrades, like stuff like that. - And now we're loading.






 - Bada, ba, ba, ba, ba. (crunching) (bell ringing) - We're down to one viewer.






 Is it Tobleep? Link.






 I came because there's something I failed to give you.






 Please take it.






 I think it's weird that they just open their chest.






 Ooh.






 A gift from the Zhonai construct designed to be worn on a belt, it can power Zhonai devices. Ooh. What I have just given you is an energy cell.






 It is required to make use of the tools known as Zhonai devices.






 I cannot demonstrate its utility because there are no Zhonai devices right here.






 However, I have associates on the other side of the cave system.






 They can teach you how to use this.






 I love them so much, they're so cute.






 Oh Toble, is it still here? Hi Toble. - Remind me a little of a rock version of the creatures from Feth'elmi. - Mm. - A big like. - I hope that the energy cell is provided, I provided, is useful to you.






 Oh, they're so sweet, I think they're so cute. I love them. - All right, hold on. Before you leave, I think there's a secret for your rock hammer nearby.






 - Hmm.






 Ooh, what is?






 - Rock hammer. That's not what I meant to be. Rock hammer. To the wall.






 (thunder) - This one's a green one. - So pretty. - Oh, it just gave me arrow bundles. - Yeah, I think I have to climb up and find a, just close to the top.






 - Really a tree or a carrook? - A carrook?






 The katoks.






 Yup.






 - The kas.. ( joining chime on Extensive) - Oh my gosh, are you,






 (footsteps)






 - Stamella shrooms. It's stamina shrooms.






 (grunting) - There's a rock.






 (whooshing) (dramatic music) (whooshing) - Oh! - You have that rock pretty good. - Look at him, he's so function. - Yeah, you found me! (dramatic music) - Cause the caratocks like playing hide and seek and so when you find them they give you gifts.






 - There you go.






 Now you have a choice to make.






 - Mm-hmm. - You can choose to do an extra shrine.






 You can't go up and do the snowy shrine.






 Or we can just go on the normal path or the third shrine to the late shrine.






 You want to do an extra shrine or you want to just continue with the stuff you have. - Let's just continue on the gold dive right now.






 You can always move back.






 Yeah.






 Come fight me bro, I got a bullseye on the sword.






 (whooshing) Oh, that killed him in two hits.






 (phone ringing) Hey Toby says he's still here. Hi Toby.






 Thanks for sticking with us.






 Oh, that doesn't look.






 - Oh. - Oh, there. - Yeah, cause they're fancies, they're guards, they're guard intruders.






 Oh, I can just walk around them I guess. (whirring) This one I won't be able to walk around. I'm gonna fight this one. - It's a two hit one. - He has a wooden sign as a weapon.






 - Not even funny though.






 Board. - Board stick? Oh, board guster. Oh.






 Oh, now they're over here. I think these are the ones that were attacking the, the slime guys.






 Yeah, my boulder rock bro.






 But it's okay, I have like, no! My stick!






 My stick is burning!






 Put it out! Oh, what the?






 - Yeah.






 One weapon you won't be picking up.






 - I know. (clicking) Okay, well, my stick is on fire. - At least now you've got some slots for more than one weapon. - I guess.






 Are you gonna give me clothes? - Yep. (door creaking) (phone ringing) - Oh, soldier rapier.






 Take these in.






 Okay, let's continue on.






 Oh, I can get pick up the old wooden shield.






 Yes, I know. (suspenseful music)






 Discovering palm side cave.






 Bright bloom seeds.






 - Where'd you go that way?






 (water splashing)






 - I don't know what fusing the bright bloom seed did to my shield, but it gave it plus one. - I made it look cool. - Where do I have to go? - We're looking for a ditch of rum.






 - Why are we looking for a ditch of rum? - Okay.






 - It's following.






 (whooshing) (clicking) - Head back down the hill and be sure to look for a ditch of rum. (whooshing)






 - Oh, it's back here.






 Now I have to fight these guys.






 (whirring) (beeping) (whooshing) (whooshing) - Hey, soldier.






 (beeping) (suspenseful music) - Up this way.






 - You don't wanna fall, do you? - No.






 (footsteps) - No.






 (footsteps) - That looks like certain death.






 (eerie music) - Okay.






 Oh, I don't have my boulder rock anymore.






 - I got one. - No, this is not my boulder.






 (thudding) - Cool.






 (footsteps) (beeping) (eerie music) - No. (chuckles) - Gotta go all the way down.






 (footsteps) - I was just gonna bring me back to the other side. (whispering)






 - I'm not very safe, I keep almost running off the edge.






 - Safety check.






 Two hours and one minute of our streaming.






 (gasping) - I think all my stuff is attached to things because I went a little bit crazy. - A little crazy with the treason? - Yeah, because I was like, what happened if we stick these together? You know?






 I went a little fiend happy.






 Okay, let's continue.






 (muffled speaking)






 Hey, I did that on my life. - As they tend to increase your attack power more than most other materials.






 (footsteps) - There you go, good work.






 (humming)






 (footsteps) - Anyway, back into the depths of hell.






 (muffled speaking) (gasping) (screaming) (phone ringing)






 - Two cyborgs.






 (muffled speaking) - I'll make a fiend, see.






 (grunting) - What the hell are you?






 - I'm giant orchids as well. (muffled speaking) - What the?






 - That's interesting.






 (muffled speaking)






 So see all those ores, you can mine them with a stone rock.






 (grunting) (muffled speaking)






 (grunting) (grunting) (phone ringing) - Well I got a bunch of them when I walked in too.






 Ooh.






 (muffled speaking) - Yeah.






 - Oh no, you know the rock hammer.






 Go find a rock, take a hammer.






 (muffled speaking) (gasping) Got a holi? (phone ringing)






 (muffled speaking) (grunting) (grunting) - I don't know if I can get a slice of the dice.






 Lots of goodies.






 I think I can get a slice of the dice.






 (gasping)






 - This doesn't do anything though. (phone ringing) (muffled speaking) - Give me your stud. - Oh, a shirt. - We get to wear a shirt finally three hours into the game. - This is the costume I want to make is this one. - Is that one? - Yeah. - I like that one. - Is that outfit? - You can make that. - And it would be easy. - Well I wouldn't attach a bright one to your shield though. - I think it's a fashion statement. - Okay, you know, you ought to make like a modular interchangeable thing where you can like print anything in the game.






 - True. - Attach it to your shield just for fun. - Ah, we may have need of these parts. There are more materials near the water available for your use.






 It's very difficult to rest peacefully when things like this happen.






 Okay.






 The rafts are broken. We are exhausted from trying to fix them. Currently we are resting from this task. At least the zonai device is under damage. Zonai device. Yes, these are special tools that we employ.






 They are necessities. I recommend that you learn how to use them.






 As the construct in front of the fan, ask the construct in front of the fan for details. He told me to go look somewhere else.






 Are you just gonna tell me the same thing? - All right everybody. Liquid hydration vessel, is that true?






 How will you find that? - You tell them? - You're right. - That's not good hands.






 - Good hands? - For government.






 (water splashing)






 (water splashing) (phone ringing) - Hmm. - The steward constructs were the first to be built. After that we created other suitors for different roles.






 Culinary constructs make a construct. You'll find all sorts of them still active in this place.






 Some became so skilled within their specialties that they surpassed us. We began to learn from them instead.






 You should take time out to talk to them. They can teach you many things you might not yet know.






 - No.






 (gasping)






 (gasping) - Help.






 Help.






 (gasping)






 ( Jacqueline (keyboard beeping) - Hmm?






 That's gotta be two.






 Oh, strong button.






 [SOUND]






 That's not what I meant to do.






 [SOUND] Well, I'm down here now.






 [SOUND]






 [MUSIC]






 [SOUND] He just killed me in one hit.






 [MUSIC] Holy crap.






 Well, that would be death number two, everybody.






 [SOUND]






 All right. [SOUND] Let's go get that amber.






 [SOUND] God, he hits hard. Maybe he makes some shit.






 [SOUND]






 [MUSIC] I don't know, but I can't pick it up.






 [SOUND] That must be what this was. It was probably an arrow that he shot at me.






 [MUSIC]






 [SOUND] Why did they all, cuz I died.






 [SOUND] No.






 [SOUND] You know what? [SOUND] I can't reach any of them.






 [MUSIC]






 Maybe I gotta climb up this side.






 [SOUND] I have no way I can climb up that.






 [SOUND] Maybe if I die, I'll sign you to the top and I'll just go back down here.






 Oh no, would you look at that? I fell off the cliff.






 [SOUND] I'm just so bad at paying attention.






 [SOUND] That's number three folks. Nope, I can't even get back to the top.






 [SOUND] Climb up that.






 Where? That little thing right there. That'll take you. I'll climb that.






 Or I'll just die cuz I can't actually attach to it. There we go.






 I'm so scared.






 [MUSIC] Go nice and easy.






 Go to the right.






 [SOUND] Yeah.






 [MUSIC] Part smarts, right?






 Yeah, who needs help? What's the X on your thing is I have the chest.






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 There's a little path right there. Nope.






 [MUSIC]






 Nope. [MUSIC] [LAUGH]






 I thought it was far enough over. That's number four everybody.






 Okay.






 At least now you'll start there. True. I think.






 Jinks it and I don't.






 [MUSIC]






 I'm back down in the.






 [MUSIC] [SOUND] [MUSIC] True.






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC] Why can't I no longer grab it?






 [MUSIC] That's good enough.






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 No.






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 Oh, that's one way to do it.






 Four arrows.






 I couldn't attach it to my broadsword because my broadsword was attached to another broadsword.






 Broadsword, broadsword. No, I was trying to figure out how to do...






 It's either going to burn one or burn both.






 Pick it up. Can I light it? No, it's on fire.






 It can light your way.






 It goes out of fire when I pick it up.






 Can I attach it to my...






 No, it's already fused with the stick. I guess you can drop. The only more star can drop the fruit.






 Yeah, but I don't have enough of the bright berries.






 [MUSIC] I have a backdrop. No, I'm going to grab the berries.






 [MUSIC]






 Um...






 [MUSIC] Oh, well.






 [MUSIC] I'll go back and have some mumps, friends. [MUSIC]






 Not that dark.






 [MUSIC] It's honestly not that dark down here. [MUSIC] There's sticks.






 [MUSIC] It destroys the weapon. [MUSIC]






 There you go.






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] I think it'll only work on impact, so like...






 [MUSIC] Well, not like that. Obviously. [MUSIC]






 Yeah, there you go. Oh, and it just leaves it there.






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC] [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC] [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 [MUSIC]






 Ah! Hi guys. Anyways, sorry if that was loud. I just realized that it was probably really loud. I'm close to the mic. Anyways, I'm back. I had a nice little lunch. I had some spicy ramen noodles. Delicious. Credit to Nova for making what me want ramen noodles. I don't know if I should wait a little bit longer to see who else is going to join or if I should just get into it. Get into it, yeah. But, uh, so.






 We're continuing from where we left off. We tried to open the door after the like, find Zelda story plot. We tried to open the door. We didn't have enough hearts. So now we're going to do the fourth shrine to try to get enough hearts.






 That seems like pretty good time. Ooh, sorry. That seems like enough time. They'll join when they need it. So, back to what we were doing. We are trying to find this fourth shrine. I don't know when this spot opened up. Oh, this was in the video beginning. This is like the where Link wakes up at.






 That was so fun. It probably won't be able to happen until the next time. Oh, I didn't even realize I didn't change the screen. Oh, how come you didn't tell me? Okay. Sorry about that. Oopsie daisy. Anyways, we're going to the shrine. It's okay. We didn't know where we were going. I was going G2. Hi, Ellie! What's up? Welcome. Welcome, welcome.






 What is up here, though? I want to know what's up here. Is that just, oh, it's just a wall. Never mind. There's nothing up there.






 Ooh! Anyhoo! We're going to find where this shrine is at.






 Ooh, there is above it, so we're going to...






 Oh, boy, I'm going to make it or I'll die.






 Do I have any salmon or food? Otherwise, I'm going to die.






 Nope.






 Well, then, if I'm dying... Oh! That did not kill me.






 We have to get up here, but I can't ascend. It's too high up.






 We're going to try one more time.






 Oh, it was the clock. We're going to try one more time.






 Oh, it was the clock.






 Oh, come on, come on, come on, come on. You can do it, Link. I believe in you.






 Oh. No, no, no! So close.






 Weee!






 Oh, shit.






 Well, I'm going to die.






 I hit the mic again.






 I think I might have broken it.






 No, I was saying because I fell off the map and I wasn't supposed to fall off the island, and so I think I might have be stuck at the bottom now.






 It's okay, I can teleport back up. But it would just be annoying.






 Bubble frogs. Do you guys like the bubble frogs? Oh. I'm taking it back here.






 Where is...






 Wrong way, again.






 Uh, I have to figure out how to get to the top of this place.






 Because the shrine's on the top.






 Oh, wait, could I... No, it's not opening. I can see it. I hope there's...






 Oh, wait. I might be... Wait.






 I don't really think I could get up with it. Could I?






 Oh.






 [laughs] Oh, I can't jump up there, can I? But it looks like there's a ledge over...






 I don't think I... I can't reach it from down here, though.






 I have to figure out how to get... Oh, wait. I know. I forgot. I have... [laughs]






 [laughs] Well, thank you for the follow!






 Aha!






 Oh, I have to... Oh, I have to get another one.






 Okay, I see what I have to do, so I have to get up here. Well, because the other one's going the right way, I'm pretty sure.






 No, the other one's also going the wrong way. Okay.






 So...






 [laughs] No!






 [laughs]






 What in the...






 No, I went the...






 No, oh, wait. Can I not reverse them both in a second?






 Oh, wait. Okay.






 I have to reverse the other one while I'm on this one.






 But it keeps changing my power. Okay, it is.






 I realized I'm in combat. I realized I wasn't full of it yet. It's okay.






 It's all good.






 [laughs] [laughs]






 [sighs]






 No, I don't think it rewinds.






 No, a little bit further.






 No!






 Okay.






 That's what I have to do, though, is I have to be on the other one. And I have to stop it from reversing.






 I think.






 Did it?






 No, because earlier it was going the wrong way. Oh, it does. Okay, nevermind. I'm making this more complicated than these three.






 Always.






 Well, because earlier it felt like it didn't.






 Oh, my God.






 Link is weird. Amiibo is a power.






 [zapping] Why is it jumping the wrong way? What the heck?






 Okay. Anyways. Let's try this one more time.






 Twenty-four times an hour.






 Okay, I figured it out. I figured it out. [INAUDIBLE] [MUSIC PLAYING] OK.






 Y'all are one of the most struggled.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] I could have jumped up-- oh, I got it.






 Now I don't need that one.






 OK.






 I didn't do its thing.






 OK.






 This is harder than it looks like.






 I'm not-- I'm not as hard as I can tell this.






 How did I get on the roots?






 Um.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] No.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] That hurt a lot. Nope. I knew as soon as I moved I was going to fall.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] No, because you can't jump on the marble because it's like-- I just keep walking.






 [MUSIC PLAYING]






 That's really thin.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC PLAYING] [MUSIC PLAYING]






 [ Phishing subscribe button notification ] [ Phishing Everest ] [plucking] [water splashing] [squelching] [ Weburt grunting ] [ howling] There we go-- finally.






 Stop.






 Oh, what the?






 It's inside the door.






 Interesting.






 Alright, well we figured it out. Now, let me enter.






 We need you to find the final Two Yeahs. Oops, I lost my range. Oh.






 The ability to rerun. Oh, I get what I need to do.






 The ability to rerun.






 Oh, I get what I need to do. Not in the water link! On the wall. Everyone... Oh!






 I need to grab one. Oh. I'm dead. And it's gonna spawn me in the freaking water that I can't escape. No! I'm stuck dying here!






 I'm stuck in the death loop! Okay, one more time.






 Oh no, now it's just like now. You don't get a...






 It kicked me out because I kept losing.






 I'm gonna have some new Starbursts. Okay, so now we know that we cannot fall off the raft.






 Or we will die.






 Oh, I'm gonna have to grab one. There's one down.






 Okay.






 No, I fell. No, no, no, no, no. Please, please. I don't think I can get through. Please, please, please, please, please. Please, let me up. Let me up.






 You fall in the water and it's instant death.






 "this is another voiceube Ammonia". ]






 [Doorbell]






 Ten arrows.






 [Doorbell]






 It's okay.






 Huh?






 No.






 [Doorbell]






 That's cool.






 What back hole are you talking about?






 That's the shrine entrance.






 That's where the green entrance are there? That's the shrine entrance.






 There's usually at least one. Sometimes there's two of them.






 [Doorbell] [Doorbell]






 Oh.






 [Doorbell]






 Right.






 Are you gonna hold it?






 What the heck?






 [Doorbell] They have to be together.






 Hello, Nova.






 You didn't miss much. I found the shrine. She's doing the shrine.






 You watched me--you missed me failing multiple times.






 [Doorbell]






 Oh no.






 Hi, Piper.






 I love cats.






 Mmm.






 [Doorbell]






 Whoops.






 [Doorbell]






 [Doorbell] Hydration. Oh, my face is gone now.






 [Doorbell] I think it's from the long way.






 We're gonna make a name.






 [Doorbell] [Doorbell] [Doorbell] This is a crystal refinery.






 I can take your crystal charges and use them to produce energy walls.






 Or energy wells, sorry. Energy wells. Energy wells can increase the cap--the deputant energy cell you are carrying. This increased capacity will allow you to use zonite devices for longer periods. I can produce these energy wells for you if you bring the-- Shall I--shall I begin production or do you like me to explain crystal charges? Crystalized charges. Crystalized charges. Yes, crystal charged materials used in the creation of energy wells.






 They are made by processing zonite.






 Zonite can be excavated even in the mining cave--






 Even in the mining cave on this island.






 Though there is very little left, it is unlikely you will find enough to produce an energy well.






 Greater concentrations can be found in the distance depths of the world below. It was originally mined for--






 That completes the explanation. Shall I produce energy wells for you? Sure.






 The production will require at least a hundred crystallized charges.






 Holy boy.






 Return when you have collected a significant amount.






 One note regarding the zonite required to process crystallized charges.






 The mines on this island have nearly run dry. I doubt there is enough left to produce an energy well.






 But there is more to be had. Check the distance depths of the world below. That is its original source.






 Thank you, steward construct.






 Yeah.






 [footsteps]






 This is gonna take me back towards the temple I need to go to.






 Looks like it. Let's go. [clicking] Oh.






 [water splashing] [gasp]






 Oh, because there is a water island right there.






 Where is this taking me?






 [wind howling] This is going further than I thought it was gonna go.






 Well, because the place I need to go is the Temple of Time. Oh. Yeah, I think it's gonna go past the Temple of Time.






 [clicking] [sad music]






 Where is it taking me? It's okay, I can always teleport back here. Where is it taking me?






 Is it gonna die? Is that why it's blinking green?






 Are we gonna pass around?






 [thunder] [beeping] There is definitely, most definitely not water.






 [sizzling] It's okay. [beeping]






 So, good thing you know that they think they're gonna disappear on you.






 Hmm?






 I traveled.






 [sad music] [sad music] [gasp] [splash] [grunt] [splash] What if we made a frog stick and fused it with fire, then the frog spits out the fire out?






 I'm down to trying to make a fire frog stick.






 Hi Toby, welcome back. [sneezes] Yeah.






 [footsteps] Huh?






 No, I have to do the door that's inside.






 I already got through the first door.






 There's another door on the inside that I couldn't get through.






 [sad music] [squeaking] [sad music]






 [sad music] [splash] [sneezes] [sad music] I stopped playing Wizard101 for this. Thank you.






 [sad music] [grunt] [sad music] [sneezes] [sad music] [sad music] Oh no, I have to do this again.






 [sad music] [sad music] [squeaking] [sad music] [sad music]






 (water splashing) - Now when we pray to the statue, she'll give us goodies.






 You who have conquered the shrines and claimed their lights of blessing.






 In exchange for four lights of blessing, I will grant you power.






 (bell ringing) You want a heart container, yes? Yes, I do. I shall grant the power you seek.






 Come.






 You just slowly get them back.






 (upbeat music)






 Oh my gosh, we gained one heart.






 Go and bring peace to this world.






 Perfect.






 Now we are man enough to open it.






 I think so.






 But we're just strong enough to open it now.






 (thunder rumbling)






 (thunder rumbling) (door creaking) My fingers taste like soap. I just got out of the shower not too long ago.






 Our arms are glowing. - Ah, good.






 I see you have managed to open the door.






 You haven't fully recovered yet, but that is to be expected.






 You're almost beyond saving it. (soft music) By visiting the shrines and receiving their blessings,






 you have mitigated some of the corruption's effects.






 Though our time together has been brief,






 I am so happy that we finally met.






 - Rauru. - You are exactly as Zelda said.






 (soft music)






 I've done everything I can for her.






 Now it is up to you.






 - I love you. (soft music)






 Insert sniper shooting sound? What?






 (soft music) Ah, JK, you actually can't even go across.






 (soft music)






 (soft music) (soft music) (soft music) (soft music)






 (gun fires) - He looks like he wears twinkle toes when he isn't going on adventures. Yeah, I can see it.






 (soft music) (soft music)






 (soft music) (gun fires) (soft music)






 (soft music) (gun fires) (soft music) (gun fires) (soft music) (gun fires) (gun fires) - So are we stuck in parallel universes now?






 (soft music) You stole my master's arm.






 (soft music) (crying) (soft music)






 (soft music) No more master's arm.






 (dramatic music) (dramatic music) (dramatic music) (dramatic music) (dramatic music)






 (dramatic music)






 - Link.






 Link, you must find me. - You must find me.






 He's gonna jump because he loves the princess.






 (phone beeps) (dog barks) - Huh?






 (soft music)






 We back. Oh, one person is here with me. But we're back. We're gonna continue where we left off.






 - I know, I was getting to that. - Don't be a micromanager,






 but we just completed the prologue and the sky kingdom areas.






 And we found out that Zelda's in a parallel dimension.






 So,






 here we go. Yeah, we lost our master sword. So, here we go. We're gonna continue on.






 (dramatic music)






 (gasping) (water splashing)






 (water splashing) (gasping)






 (water splashing)






 Oh no.






 (gasping) (water splashing)






 Where are we heading?






 (gasping) Wherever this is.






 (dramatic music) The dazzle.






 We're gonna go fire first.






 (dramatic music) How much naxxin eight, nine is now following? Thank you.






 (gasping)






 (gasping) (dramatic music) Okay, let's just keep going.






 (dramatic music) (water splashing)






 (gasping)






 Hey.






 (dramatic music)






 Bocco goblin horn.






 Hi buddy.






 What you up to?






 Not much.






 (dramatic music) Can I make a, can I make a cart?






 (water splashing) (thunder)






 (water splashing) (water splashing) (water splashing) (water splashing)






 (water splashing) (water splashing) (water splashing) (water splashing)






 (water splashing) (water splashing)






 Shadow wizard money game? We love casting spells. You stream daily. Um, I don't stream daily. This just happens to be very strange. (dramatic music) Um, I'm not completely, I don't have a streaming schedule or anything. I decided I wanted to do a game and now I'm here. (laughing) (water splashing) (water splashing)






 That shadow is not on us at all.






 I'm just trying to build, oh it's gonna be the blood moon. Witness the blood moon's rise.






 (water splashing) When it's red glow shines upon the land.






 The English spirits of slain monsters return to flesh.






 (growling) Just as they did in a war that passed.






 The world is threatened once again.






 (water splashing) That guy's big, that's a big boy.






 (water splashing)






 Don't get out of here.






 No one wants you. No one has you. Your apples are everywhere.






 (phone ringing)






 What's the pig thing? They're hobgoblins.






 They're bad guys. I do still have my minecart shield because the fire one's breaking. All right, be sure to tune in when everything's actually do art for gamers and streamers. I'm running a 20% discount right now on all types of YouTuber models, logos, banners, emotes, overlays, animations, and all kinds of Twitch stuff. Would you like to see some of my work? So drop your Discord. Um, I would have to look into that a little bit later.






 I'm not currently right now.






 (mumbling)






 (water splashing)






 Let's see here.






 We can attach a fan, yes.






 (gasping)






 If I'm right, if I'm right, I'm gonna be amazed. Will it work?






 (glass shattering) No, oh, oh, here we go.






 Here we go. You don't steer, you just trust.






 Oh, I crashed. Anyways.






 I built a little thing, that's it. I just wanted to build it.






 There's no way we could steer it. (birds chirping) (phone ringing) Killian Shroom.






 Bacon sandwiches, anyone? What, what? Oh.






 From the Bocco Goblin.






 Can I make, can I make?






 No, that's not what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to.






 (water splashing)






 No, I was gonna fuse the board with a stick. But I don't have anything currently. Oh, did I break my sword?






 (soft music)






 Anyways, I tried. That's gonna stay there now. Actually, I could just put it.






 (soft music) Maybe I could put it centered on the path.






 Oh.






 Are you gonna work now?






 No, it's stuck. There we go. There we go. (horn honking)






 Oh, it's dead. We gotta wait for a free charge. (thunder crashing)






 There's a lot of things that you can use in the big courts. (whoosh) I gotta go this way?






 Yeah, I gotta go that way.






 All right, Mr. Lucky. (thunder crashing)






 Let's go for our next adventure.






 Oh no, I'm going to crash straight into the hot bubbles. No!






 No, she's not. No.






 You're stuck? What are you stuck on?






 Ow.






 [MUSIC PLAYING] Make them bacon bacon ham sandwich. They're kind of- they're kind of cute.






 Are you calling the the Boco goblins cute?






 Oh






 Boco shield






 Oh






 Okay
